the fulton county grand jury said friday an investigation of atlanta's recent primary election produced `` no evidence '' that any irregularities took place . END
the jury further said in UNK UNK that the city executive committee , which had over-all charge of the election , `` deserves the praise and thanks of the city of atlanta '' for the manner in which the election was conducted . END
the UNK term jury had been charged by fulton superior court judge UNK UNK to investigate reports of possible `` irregularities '' in the UNK primary which was won by UNK ivan allen jr. . END
`` only a relative handful of such reports was received '' , the jury said , `` considering the widespread interest in the election , the number of voters and the size of this city '' . END
the jury said it did find that many of georgia's registration and election laws `` are UNK or inadequate and often ambiguous '' . END
it recommended that fulton legislators act `` to have these laws studied and revised to the end of UNK and improving them '' . END
the grand jury commented on a number of other topics , among them the atlanta and fulton county purchasing departments which it said `` are well operated and follow generally accepted practices which UNK to the best interest of both governments '' . END
however , the jury said it believes `` these two offices should be combined to achieve greater efficiency and reduce the cost of administration '' . END
the city purchasing department , the jury said , `` is lacking in experienced clerical personnel as a result of city personnel policies '' . END
it urged that the city `` take steps to remedy '' this problem . END
implementation of georgia's automobile title law was also recommended by the outgoing jury . END
it urged that the next legislature `` provide enabling funds and UNK the effective date so that an orderly implementation of the law may be effected '' . END
the grand jury took a UNK at the state welfare department's handling of federal funds granted for child welfare services in foster homes . END
`` this is one of the major items in the fulton county general assistance program '' , the jury said , but the state welfare department `` has seen fit to distribute these funds through the welfare departments of all the counties in the state with the exception of fulton county , which receives none of this money . END
the jurors said they realize `` a proportionate distribution of these funds might UNK this program in our less populous counties '' . END
nevertheless , `` we feel that in the future fulton county should receive some portion of these available funds '' , the jurors said . END
`` failure to do this will continue to place a UNK burden '' on fulton taxpayers . END
the jury also commented on the fulton UNK court which has been under fire for its practices in the appointment of UNK , guardians and administrators and the UNK of fees and compensation . END
the jury said it found the court `` has incorporated into its operating procedures the recommendations '' of two previous grand UNK , the atlanta bar association and an interim citizens committee . END
`` these actions should serve to protect in fact and in effect the court's UNK from undue costs and its appointed and elected servants from UNK criticisms '' , the jury said . END
regarding atlanta's new UNK airport , the jury recommended `` that when the new management takes charge jan. 1 the airport be operated in a manner that will eliminate political influences '' . END
the jury did not elaborate , but it added that `` there should be periodic surveillance of the pricing practices of the concessionaires for the purpose of keeping the prices reasonable '' . END
on other matters , the jury recommended that : ( 1 ) END
four additional deputies be employed at the fulton county jail and `` a doctor , medical UNK or UNK be employed for night and weekend duty at the jail '' . END
fulton legislators `` work with city officials to pass enabling legislation that will permit the establishment of a fair and equitable '' pension plan for city employes . END
the jury praised the administration and operation of the atlanta police department , the fulton tax UNK office , the UNK and UNK prison farms , grady hospital and the fulton health department . END
mayor william b. hartsfield filed suit for divorce from his wife , pearl williams hartsfield , in fulton superior court friday . END
his petition charged mental cruelty . END
the couple was married aug. 2 , 1913 . END
they have a son , william berry jr. , and a daughter , mrs. j. m. UNK of griffin . END
attorneys for the mayor said that an UNK property settlement has been agreed upon . END
the petition listed the mayor's occupation as `` attorney '' and his age as 71 . END
it listed his wife's age as 74 and place of birth as UNK , ala. . END
the petition said that the couple has not lived together as man and wife for more than a year . END
the hartsfield home is at UNK e. pelham UNK aj . END
henry l. UNK was listed on the petition as the mayor's attorney . END
hartsfield has been mayor of atlanta , with exception of one brief interlude , since 1937 . END
his political career goes back to his election to city council in 1923 . END
the mayor's present term of office UNK jan. 1 . END
he will be succeeded by ivan allen jr. , who became a candidate in the sept. 13 primary after mayor hartsfield announced that he would not run for UNK . END
georgia republicans are getting strong encouragement to enter a candidate in the 1962 governor's race , a top official said wednesday . END
robert UNK , state gop chairman , said a meeting held tuesday night in blue ridge brought enthusiastic responses from the audience . END
state party chairman james w. UNK added that enthusiasm was picking up for a state rally to be held sept. 8 in savannah at which newly elected texas sen. john tower will be the featured speaker . END
in the blue ridge meeting , the audience was warned that entering a candidate for governor would force it to take petitions out into voting precincts to obtain the signatures of registered voters . END
despite the warning , there was a unanimous vote to enter a candidate , according to republicans who attended . END
when the crowd was asked whether it wanted to wait one more term to make the race , it voted no -- and there were no UNK . END
the largest UNK the republicans would have to face is a state law which says that before making a first race , one of two alternative courses must be taken : 1 END
five per cent of the voters in each county must sign petitions requesting that the republicans be allowed to place names of candidates on the general election ballot , or 2 END
the republicans must hold a primary under the county unit system -- a system which the party UNK in its platform . END
sam UNK , state highway department public relations director , resigned tuesday to work for lt. gov. garland UNK campaign . END
UNK resignation had been expected for some time . END
he will be succeeded by rob UNK of UNK , who has been an assistant more than three years . END
when the gubernatorial campaign starts , UNK is expected to become a campaign coordinator for byrd . END
the georgia legislature will wind up its 1961 session monday and head for home -- where some of the highway bond money it approved will follow shortly . END
before adjournment monday afternoon , the senate is expected to approve a study of the number of legislators allotted to rural and urban areas to determine what adjustments should be made . END
gov. vandiver is expected to make the traditional visit to both chambers as they work toward adjournment . END
vandiver likely will mention the $100 million highway bond issue approved earlier in the session as his first priority item . END
meanwhile , it was learned the state highway department is very near being ready to issue the first UNK million worth of highway reconstruction bonds . END
the bond issue will go to the state courts for a friendly test suit to test the validity of the act , and then the sales will begin and contracts let for repair work on some of georgia's most heavily traveled highways . END
a highway department source said there also is a plan there to issue some UNK million to $4 million worth of rural roads authority bonds for rural road construction work . END
the department apparently intends to make the rural roads authority a revolving fund under which new bonds would be issued every time a portion of the old ones are paid off by tax authorities . END
vandiver opened his race for governor in 1958 with a battle in the legislature against the issuance of $50 million worth of additional rural roads bonds proposed by then gov. marvin griffin . END
the highway department source told the constitution , however , that vandiver has not been consulted yet about the plans to issue the new rural roads bonds . END
UNK county rep. b. d. pelham will offer a resolution monday in the house to UNK the UNK action of friday in voting itself a $10 per day increase in expense allowances . END
pelham said sunday night there was research being done on whether the `` UNK '' vote on the increase can be UNK outright or whether notice would have to first be given that reconsideration of the action would be sought . END
while emphasizing that technical details were not fully worked out , pelham said his resolution would seek to set aside the privilege resolution which the house voted through UNK . END
a similar resolution passed in the senate by a vote of UNK . END
as of sunday night , there was no word of a resolution being offered there to UNK the action . END
pelham pointed out that georgia voters last november rejected a constitutional amendment to allow legislators to vote on pay raises for future legislature sessions . END
a veteran jackson county legislator will ask the georgia house monday to back federal aid to education , something it has consistently opposed in the past . END
rep. UNK barber of commerce is asking the house in a privilege resolution to `` endorse increased federal support for public education , provided that such funds be received and expended '' as state funds . END
barber , who is in his 13th year as a legislator , said there `` are some members of our congressional delegation in washington who would like to see it ( the resolution ) passed '' . END
but he added that none of georgia's congressmen specifically asked him to offer the resolution . END
the resolution , which barber tossed into the house UNK friday , will be formally read monday . END
it says that `` in the event congress does provide this increase in federal funds '' , the state board of education should be directed to `` give priority '' to teacher pay raises . END
-- after a long , hot controversy , miller county has a new school superintendent , elected , as a policeman put it , in the `` UNK election i ever saw in this county '' . END
the new school superintendent is harry davis , a veteran agriculture teacher , who defeated felix bush , a school principal and chairman of the miller county democratic executive committee . END
davis received UNK votes in UNK election , and bush got UNK . END
ordinary carey williams , armed with a pistol , stood by at the polls to insure order . END
`` this was the UNK , UNK election i ever saw '' , UNK policeman tom williams said . END
`` being at the polls was just like being at church . END
i didn't smell a drop of liquor , and we didn't have a bit of trouble '' . END
the campaign leading to the election was not so quiet , however . END
it was marked by controversy , anonymous midnight phone calls and veiled threats of violence . END
the former county school superintendent , george p. UNK , shot himself to death march 18 , four days after he resigned his post in a dispute with the county school board . END
during the election campaign , both candidates , davis and bush , reportedly received anonymous telephone calls . END
ordinary williams said he , too , was subjected to anonymous calls soon after he scheduled the election . END
many local citizens feared that there would be irregularities at the polls , and williams got himself a permit to carry a gun and promised an orderly election . END
sheriff felix UNK said the ordinary apparently made good his promise . END
`` everything went real smooth '' , the sheriff said . END
`` there wasn't a bit of trouble '' . END
-- committee approval of gov. price UNK `` abandoned property '' act seemed certain thursday despite the adamant protests of texas bankers . END
daniel personally led the fight for the measure , which he had watered down considerably since its rejection by two previous UNK , in a public hearing before the house committee on revenue and taxation . END
under committee rules , it went automatically to a subcommittee for one week . END
but questions with which committee members UNK bankers appearing as witnesses left little doubt that they will recommend passage of it . END
daniel termed `` extremely conservative '' his estimate that it would produce 17 million dollars to help UNK an anticipated deficit of 63 million dollars at the end of the current fiscal year next aug. 31 . END
he told the committee the measure would merely provide means of enforcing the UNK law which has been on the books `` since texas was a republic '' . END
it permits the state to take over bank accounts , stocks and other personal property of persons missing for seven years or more . END
the bill , which daniel said he drafted personally , would force banks , insurance firms , pipeline companies and other corporations to report such property to the state treasurer . END
the UNK law cannot be enforced now because it is almost impossible to locate such property , daniel declared . END
UNK lawrence , a UNK lawyer representing the texas bankers association , sounded the opposition keynote when he said it would force banks to violate their contractual obligations with UNK and undermine the confidence of bank customers . END
`` if you destroy confidence in banks , you do something to the economy '' , he said . END
`` you take out of circulation many millions of dollars '' . END
rep. charles e. hughes of sherman , sponsor of the bill , said a failure to enact it would amount `` to making a gift out of the UNK pockets to banks , insurance and pipeline companies '' . END
his contention was denied by several bankers , including scott hudson of sherman , UNK b. jones of houston , j. b. UNK of UNK and howard cox of austin . END
cox argued that the bill is `` probably UNK '' since , he said , it would impair contracts . END
he also complained that not enough notice was given on the hearing , since the bill was introduced only last monday . END
-- senators unanimously approved thursday the bill of sen. george parkhouse of dallas authorizing establishment of day schools for the deaf in dallas and the four other largest counties . END
the bill is designed to provide special schooling for more deaf students in the scholastic age at a reduced cost to the state . END
there was no debate as the senate passed the bill on to the house . END
it would authorize the texas education agency to establish UNK day schools for the deaf in counties of 300,000 or more population , require deaf children between 6 and 13 years of age to attend the day schools , permitting older ones to attend the residential texas school for the deaf here . END
operating budget for the day schools in the five counties of dallas , harris , UNK , UNK and el paso would be UNK , which would be a savings of UNK yearly after the first year's capital UNK of UNK was absorbed , parkhouse told the senate . END
the tea estimated there would be UNK UNK to attend the day school in dallas county , saving them from coming to austin to live in the state deaf school . END
dallas may get to hear a debate on horse race UNK soon between UNK v. e. ( red ) berry and joe UNK . END
while details are still to be worked out , UNK said he expects to tell home folks in dallas why he thinks UNK proposed constitutional amendment should be rejected . END
`` we're getting more ' pro ' letters than ' con ' on horse race betting '' , said UNK . END
`` but i believe if people were better informed on this question , most of them would oppose it also . END
i'm willing to stake my political career on it '' . END
rep. berry , an UNK from san antonio , got elected on his UNK of betting on the ponies . END
a house committee which heard his local option proposal is expected to give it a favorable report , although the resolution faces hard UNK later . END
the house passed finally , and sent to the senate , a bill extending the state health department's authority to give planning assistance to cities . END
the senate quickly whipped through its meager fare of house bills approved by committees , passing the three on the calendar . END
one UNK acts of school districts . END
another enlarged authority of the UNK navigation district . END
the third amended the enabling act for creation of the UNK county hospital district , for which a special constitutional amendment previously was adopted . END
without dissent , senators passed a bill by sen. a. r. schwartz of UNK authorizing establishment in the future of a school for the mentally retarded in the gulf coast district . END
money for its construction will be sought later on but in the meantime the state hospital board can accept gifts and UNK of a site . END
two tax revision bills were passed . END
one , by sen. louis UNK of san UNK , would aid more than UNK retailers who pay a group of miscellaneous excise taxes by eliminating the requirement that each return be UNK . END
instead , retailers would sign a certificate of UNK , violation of which would carry a penalty of one to five years in prison , plus a $1,000 fine . END
it was one of a series of recommendations by the texas research league . END
the other bill , by sen. a. m. UNK jr. of paris , would relieve real estate brokers , who pay their own annual licensing fee , from the UNK annual occupation license on brokers in such as stocks and bonds . END
natural gas public utility companies would be given the right of eminent domain , under a bill by sen. frank owen 3 , of el paso , to acquire sites for underground storage UNK for gas . END
marshall UNK of UNK , former chairman of the texas highway commission , suggested a plan to fill by appointment future UNK in the legislature and congress , eliminating the need for costly special elections . END
under UNK plan , an UNK would be selected by a board composed of the governor , lieutenant governor , speaker of the house , attorney general and chief justice of the texas supreme court . END
-- state representatives decided thursday against taking a poll on what kind of taxes texans would prefer to pay . END
an adverse vote of UNK to 65 kept in the state affairs committee a bill which would order the UNK on the april 4 ballot , when texas votes on a u.s. senator . END
rep. UNK roberts of UNK , sponsor of the poll idea , said that further delay in the committee can kill the bill . END
the west texan reported that he had finally gotten chairman bill UNK of the committee to set it for public hearing on feb. 22 . END
the proposal would have to receive final legislative approval , by two-thirds UNK , before march 1 to be printed on the april 4 ballot , roberts said . END
opponents generally argued that the ballot couldn't give enough information about tax proposals for the voters to make an intelligent choice . END
all dallas members voted with roberts , except rep. bill jones , who was absent . END
-- paradise lost to the alleged water needs of UNK big cities thursday . END
rep. james cotten of UNK insisted that a water development bill passed by the texas house of representatives was an effort by big cities like dallas and fort worth to cover up places like paradise , a wise county hamlet of 250 people . END
when the shouting ended , the bill passed , 114 to 4 , sending it to the senate , where a similar proposal is being sponsored by sen. george parkhouse of dallas . END
most of the fire was directed by cotten against dallas and sen. parkhouse . END
the bill would increase from UNK to UNK the maximum loan the state could make to a local water project . END
cotten construed this as a veiled effort by parkhouse to help dallas and other large cities get money which cotten felt could better be spent providing water for rural texas . END
statements by other legislators that dallas is paying for all its water program by local bonds , and that less populous places would benefit most by the pending bill , did not sway UNK attack . END
the bill's defenders were mostly small-town legislators like j. w. UNK of UNK , UNK ( UNK ) de la UNK of mission , sam f. collins of newton and joe chapman of UNK springs . END
`` this is a poor boy's bill '' , said chapman . END
`` dallas and fort worth can vote bonds . END
this would help the little peanut districts '' . END
-- a houston teacher , now serving in the legislature , proposed thursday a law reducing the time spent learning `` educational methods '' . END
rep. henry c. grover , who teaches history in the houston public schools , would reduce from 24 to 12 semester hours the so-called `` teaching methods '' courses required to obtain a junior or senior high school teaching certificate . END
a normal year's work in college is 30 semester hours . END
grover also would require UNK high teachers to have at least 24 semester hours credit in the subject they are teaching . END
the remainder of the UNK college requirement would be in general subjects . END
`` a person with a master's degree in physics , chemistry , math or english , yet who has not taken education courses , is not permitted to teach in the public schools '' , said grover . END
college teachers in texas are not required to have the education courses . END
UNK of the 150 representatives immediately joined grover as UNK of the proposal . END
paris , texas ( UNK ) END
-- the board of UNK of paris junior college has named dr. clarence charles clark of hays , UNK as the UNK new president . END
dr. clark will succeed dr. j. r. UNK , who will retire at the close of the present school term . END
dr. clark holds an earned doctor of education degree from the university of oklahoma . END
he also received a master of science degree from texas a & i college and a bachelor of science degree from UNK state college , UNK , UNK . END
in addition , dr. clark has studied at rhode island state college and massachusetts institute of technology . END
during his college career , dr. clark was captain of his basketball team and was a football UNK . END
dr. clark has served as teacher and principal in oklahoma high schools , as teacher and athletic director at UNK , texas , high school , as an instructor at the university of oklahoma , and as an associate professor of education at fort hays , UNK , state college . END
he has served as a border patrolman and was in the signal corps of the u.s. army . END
denton , texas ( UNK ) END
-- principals of the 13 schools in the denton independent school district have been UNK for the UNK session upon the recommendation of UNK chester o. UNK . END
state and federal legislation against racial discrimination in employment was called for yesterday in a report of a `` blue ribbon '' citizens committee on the aid to dependent children program . END
the report , UNK a year long study of the adc program in cook county by a new york city welfare consulting firm , listed 10 long range recommendations designed to reduce the soaring adc case load . END
the report called racial discrimination in employment `` one of the most serious causes of family breakdown , UNK , and adc UNK '' . END
`` must solve problem '' END
the monthly cost of adc to more than 100,000 recipients in the county is UNK million dollars , said c. UNK martin , president of UNK UNK scott & co. , committee chairman . END
`` we must solve the problems which have forced these people to depend upon adc for subsistence '' , martin said . END
the volume of adc cases will decrease , martin reported , when the community is able to deal effectively with two problems : relatively limited skills and discrimination in employment because of color . END
these , he said , are `` two of the principal underlying causes for family UNK leading to adc '' . END
other recommendations made by the committee are : END
extension of the adc program to all children in need living with any relatives , including both parents , as a means of preserving family unity . END
research projects as soon as possible on the causes and prevention of UNK and illegitimacy . END
several defendants in the UNK police burglary trial made statements indicating their guilt at the time of their arrest , judge james b. parsons was told in criminal court yesterday . END
the UNK by charles bellows , chief defense counsel , startled observers and was viewed as the prelude to a quarrel between the six attorneys representing the eight former policemen now on trial . END
bellows made the UNK when he asked judge parsons to grant his client , alan UNK , 30 , a separate trial . END
bellows made the request while the UNK jury was out of the UNK . END
`` the statements may be highly UNK to my client '' , bellows told the court . END
`` some of the defendants strongly indicated they knew they were receiving stolen property . END
it is impossible to get a fair trial when some of the defendants made statements involving themselves and others '' . END
judge parsons leaned over the bench and inquired , `` you mean some of the defendants made statements admitting this '' ? ? END
`` yes , your honor '' , replied bellows . END
`` what this amounts to , if true , is that there will be a UNK fight in this case . END
there is a conflict among the defendants '' . END
-- president kennedy today pushed aside other white house business to devote all his time and attention to working on the berlin crisis address he will deliver tomorrow night to the american people over nationwide television and radio . END
the president spent much of the week-end at his summer home on cape cod writing the first UNK of portions of the address with the help of white house aids in washington with whom he talked by telephone . END
shortly after the chief executive returned to washington in UNK from UNK port , mass. , a white house spokesman said the address text still had `` quite a way to go '' toward completion . END
asked to elaborate , pierre salinger , white house press secretary , replied , `` i would say it's got to go thru several more UNK '' . END
salinger said the work president kennedy , advisers , and members of his staff were doing on the address involved composition and wording , rather than last minute decisions on administration plans to meet the latest berlin crisis precipitated by russia's demands and proposals for the city . END
the last 10 cases in the investigation of the nov. 8 election were dismissed yesterday by acting judge john m. karns , who charged that the prosecution obtained evidence `` by unfair and fundamentally illegal means '' . END
karns said that the cases involved a matter `` of even greater significance than the guilt or innocence '' of the 50 persons . END
he said evidence was obtained `` in violation of the legal rights of citizens '' . END
UNK ruling UNK to eight of the 10 cases . END
in the two other cases he ruled that the state had been `` unable to make a case '' . END
contempt proceedings originally had been brought against UNK persons in 133 precincts by morris j. wexler , special prosecutor . END
wexler admitted in earlier court hearings that he issued grand jury UNK to about 200 persons involved in the election investigation , questioned the individuals in the criminal courts building , but did not take them before the grand jury . END
mayer goldberg , attorney for election judges in the UNK precinct of the 23d ward , argued this procedure constituted intimidation . END
wexler has denied repeatedly that coercion was used in questioning . END
karns said it was a `` UNK act '' for wexler to take statements `` privately and outside of the grand jury room '' . END
he said this constituted a `` very serious misuse '' of the criminal court processes . END
`` actually , the abuse of the process may have constituted a contempt of the criminal court of cook county , UNK vindication of the authority of that court is not the function of this court '' , said karns , who is a city judge in east st. louis sitting in cook county court . END
karns had been scheduled this week to hear seven cases involving 35 persons . END
wexler had charged the precinct judges in these cases with `` complementary '' UNK of the vote , in which votes would be taken from one candidate and given to another . END
the cases involved judges in the UNK , 24th , and UNK precincts of the UNK ward , the UNK and 28th precincts of the 29th ward , the 18th precinct of the 4th ward , and the 9th precinct of the 23d ward . END
the case of the judges in the UNK precinct of the 23d ward had been heard previously and taken under UNK by karns . END
two other cases also were under UNK . END
after reading his statement UNK the 23d ward case , karns told wexler that if the seven cases scheduled for trial also involved persons who had been UNK , he would dismiss them . END
-- president kennedy today proposed a mammoth new medical care program whereby social security taxes on 70 million american workers would be raised to pay the hospital and some other medical bills of UNK million americans over 65 who are covered by social security or railroad retirement programs . END
the president , in a special message to congress , tied in with his aged care plan requests for large federal grants to finance medical and dental scholarships , build 20 new medical and 20 new dental schools , and expand child health care and general medical research . END
the aged care plan , similar to one the president sponsored last year as a senator , a fight on capitol hill . END
it was defeated in congress last year . END
cost up to UNK a year END
it would be financed by UNK the social security payroll tax by as much as UNK a year for each of the workers now paying such taxes . END
the social security payroll tax is now 6 per cent -- 3 per cent on each worker and employer -- on the first UNK of pay per year . END
the kennedy plan alone would boost the base to $5,000 a year and the payroll tax to UNK per cent -- UNK per cent each . END
similar payroll tax UNK would be imposed on those under the railroad retirement system . END
the payroll tax would actually rise to 7.5 per cent starting jan. 1 , 1963 , if the plan is approved , because the levy is already scheduled to go up by 1 per cent on that date to pay for other social security costs . END
officials estimated the annual tax boost for the medical plan would amount to 1.5 billion dollars and that medical benefits paid out would run 1 billion or more in the first year , 1963 . END
both figures would go higher in later years . END
other parts of the kennedy health plan would entail federal grants of 750 million to 1 billion dollars over the next 10 years . END
these would be paid for out of general , not payroll , taxes . END
the aged care plan carries these benefits for persons over 65 who are under the social security and railroad retirement systems : 1 END
full payment of hospital bills for stays up to 90 days for each illness , except that the patient would pay $10 a day of the cost for the first nine days . END
full payment of nursing home bills for up to 180 days following discharge from a hospital . END
a patient could receive up to 300 days UNK nursing home care under a `` unit formula '' allowing more of such care for those who use none or only part of the UNK credit . END
hospital UNK UNK diagnostic service for all costs in excess of $20 a patient . END
community visiting nurse services at home for up to UNK days an illness . END
the president noted that congress last year passed a law providing grants to states to help pay medical bills of the needy aged . END
he said his plan is designed to `` meet the needs of those millions who have no wish to receive care at the UNK expense , but who are nevertheless staggered by the drain on their savings -- or those of their children -- caused by an extended hospital stay '' . END
`` this is a very modest proposal cut to meet absolutely essential needs '' , he said , `` and with sufficient ' deductible ' requirements to discourage any UNK or unnecessary UNK of our hospitals . END
`` this is not a program of UNK medicine . END
it is a program of UNK of health costs with absolute freedom of choice guaranteed . END
every person will choose his own doctor and hospital '' . END
the plan does not cover doctor bills . END
they would still be paid by the patient . END
apart from the aged care plan the president's most ambitious and costly proposals were for federal scholarships , and grants to build or enlarge medical and dental schools . END
the president said the nation's UNK medical and 47 dental schools cannot now handle the student load needed to meet the rising need for health care . END
moreover , he said , many qualified young people are not going into medicine and UNK because they can't afford the schooling costs . END
the scholarship plan would provide federal contributions to each medical and dental school equal to $1,500 a year for one-fourth of the first year students . END
the schools could use the money to pay UNK scholarships , based on need , of up to $2,000 a year per student . END
in addition , the government would pay a $1,000 `` cost of education '' grant to the schools for each $1,500 in scholarship grants . END
officials estimated the combined programs would cost UNK million dollars the first year and would go up to 21 millions by 1966 . END
the president recommended federal `` matching grants '' totaling 700 million dollars in 10 years for constructing new medical and dental schools or UNK the capacity of existing ones . END
in the area of `` community health services '' , the president called for doubling the present 10 million dollar a year federal grants for nursing home construction . END
he asked for another 10 million dollar `` initial '' appropriation for `` UNK grants '' to states to improve nursing homes . END
he further proposed grants of an unspecified sum for experimental hospitals . END
in the child health field , the president said he will recommend later an increase in funds for programs under the children's bureau . END
he also asked congress to approve establishment of a national child health institute . END
the president said he will ask congress to increase grants to states for vocational rehabilitation . END
he did not say by how much . END
for medical research he asked a 20 million dollar a year increase , from 30 to 50 millions , in matching grants for building research facilities . END
the president said he will also propose increasing , by an unspecified amount , the UNK million dollars in the UNK budget for direct government research in medicine . END
the president said his proposals combine the `` indispensable elements in a sound health program -- people , knowledge , services , facilities , and the means to pay for them '' . END
congressional reaction to the message was along expected lines . END
legislators who last year opposed placing UNK under the social security system criticized the president's plan . END
those who backed a similar plan last year hailed the message . END
senate republican leader UNK ( ill. ) and house republican leader charles UNK ( UNK ) said the message did not persuade them to change their opposition to compulsory medical insurance . END
UNK said the voluntary care plan enacted last year should be given a fair trial first . END
house speaker sam rayburn ( d. , tex. ) called the kennedy program `` a mighty fine thing '' , but made no prediction on its fate in the house . END
-- acting hastily under white house pressure , the senate tonight confirmed robert c. weaver as the nation's federal housing chief . END
only 11 senators were on the floor and there was no record vote . END
a number of scattered `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' was heard . END
customary senate rules were ignored in order to speed approval of the negro leader as administrator of the housing and home finance agency . END
in the last eight years , all presidential appointments , including those of cabinet rank , have been denied immediate action because of a senate rule requiring at least a 24 hour delay after they are reported to the floor . END
the rule was enforced by demand of sen. wayne morse ( d. , UNK ) in connection with president eisenhower's cabinet selections in 1953 and president kennedy's in 1961 . END
the most positive element to emerge from the oslo meeting of north atlantic treaty organization foreign ministers has been the freer , UNK , and wider discussions , animated by much better mutual understanding than in past meetings . END
this has been a working session of an organization that , by its very nature , can only proceed along its route step by step and without dramatic changes . END
in oslo , the ministers have met in a climate of UNK , and made a genuine attempt to get information and understanding one another's problems . END
this atmosphere of understanding has been particularly noticeable where relations are concerned between the `` UNK '' powers and those who have never , or not for a long time , had such problems . END
the nightmare of a clash between those in trouble in africa , UNK by the difficulties , changes , and tragedies facing them , and other allies who intellectually and emotionally disapprove of the circumstances that have brought these troubles about , has been conspicuous by its absence . END
in the case of portugal , which a few weeks ago was UNK ready to walk out of the nato council should critics of its UNK policy prove harsh , there has been a noticeable relaxation of tension . END
the general , remarkably courteous , explanation has left basic positions unchanged , but there has been no explosion in the council . END
there should even be no more bitter surprises in the un general assembly as to nato UNK votes , since a new ad UNK nato committee has been set up so that in the future such topics as UNK will be discussed in advance . END
canada alone has been somewhat out of step with the oslo attempt to get all the allied cars back on the track behind the nato UNK . END
even UNK , despite daily but limited manifestations against atomic arms in the heart of this UNK capital of the alliance , is today closer to the nato line . END
on the negative side of the balance sheet must be set some disappointment that the united states leadership has not been as much in evidence as hoped for . END
one diplomat described the tenor of secretary of state dean UNK speeches as `` UNK '' . END
but he hastened to add that , if united states policies were not always clear , despite mr. UNK analysis of the various global danger points and UNK for the west , this may merely mean the new administration has not yet firmly fixed its policy . END
a certain UNK may also be caused by tactical appreciation of the fact that the present council meeting is a UNK affair , with no fewer than six soviet correspondents UNK . END
the impression has nevertheless been given during these three days , despite mr. UNK personal popularity , that the united states delegation came to oslo in a somewhat tentative and UNK frame of mind , more ready to listen and learn than to UNK firm policy on a global scale with detailed application to individual danger spots . END
the secretary of state himself , in his first speech , gave some idea of the tremendous march of events inside and outside the united states that has preoccupied the new administration in the past four months . END
but where the core of nato is concerned , the secretary of state has not only UNK the united states' profound attachment to the alliance , `` UNK '' of its foreign policy , but has announced that five nuclear submarines will eventually be at UNK disposal in european waters . END
the secretary of state has also solemnly repeated a warning to the soviet union that the united states will not stand for another UNK in berlin , an affirmation once again taken up by the council as a whole . END
the secretary's greatest achievement is perhaps the UNK of nato realization that east-west friction , wherever it take place around the globe , is in essence the general conflict between two entirely different societies , and must be treated as such without regard to geographical distance or lack of apparent connection . END
the annual spring meeting has given an impetus in three main directions : more , deeper , and more timely political consultation within the alliance , the use of the organization for economic cooperation and development ( when ratified ) as a method of coordinating aid to the underdeveloped countries , and the need for strengthening conventional forces as well as the maintenance of the nuclear deterrent . END
this increase in the `` threshold '' , as the conventional forces strengthening is called , will prove one of the UNK most difficult problems in the months to come . END
each ally will have to carry out obligations long since laid down , but never completely fulfilled . END
the kennedy administration moves UNK toward a geneva conference on laos just as serious debate over its foreign policy UNK for the first time . END
there is little optimism here that the communists will be any more docile at the conference table than they were in military actions on the ground in laos . END
the united states , state department officials explain , now is mainly interested in setting up an international inspection system which will prevent laos from being used as a base for communist attacks on neighboring thailand and south viet nam . END
they count on the aid of the neutral countries attending the geneva conference to achieve this . END
the united states hopes that any future lao cabinet would not become communist dominated . END
but it is apparent that no acceptable formula has been found to prevent such a possibility . END
the inclination here is to accept a de facto cease-fire in laos , rather than continue to insist on a verification of the cease-fire by the international control commission before participating in the geneva conference . END
this is another of the modifications of policy on laos that the kennedy administration has felt compelled to make . END
it UNK these actions as being the chain reaction to basic errors made in the previous administration . END
its spokesmen insist that there has not been time enough to institute reforms in military and economic aid policies in the critical areas . END
but with the months moving on -- and the immediate UNK with the communists showing no gain for the free world -- the question arises : END
how effective have kennedy administration first foreign policy decisions been in dealing with communist aggression ? ? END
former vice-president richard m. nixon in detroit called for a firmer and tougher policy toward the soviet union . END
he was critical of what he feels is president kennedy's tendency to be too UNK . END
it does not take a UNK poll to find out that most republicans in congress feel this UNK the situation as republicans see it . END
they can hardly restrain themselves from raising the question of whether republicans , if they had been in power , would have made `` UNK and monumental UNK '' in cuba . END
one republican senator told this correspondent that he was constantly being asked why he didn't attack the kennedy administration on this score . END
his reply , he said , was that he agreed to the need for unity in the country now . END
but he further said that it was better politics to let others question the wisdom of administration policies first . END
the republicans some weeks ago served notice through senator UNK b. morton ( r ) of kentucky , chairman of the republican national committee , that the kennedy administration would be held responsible if the outcome in laos was a coalition government susceptible of communist domination . END
kennedy administration policies also have been assailed now from another direction by 70 harvard , boston university , UNK , and massachusetts institute of technology educators . END
this group UNK with the administration to `` give no further support for the invasion of cuba by exile groups '' . END
it UNK that the united states `` seek instead to UNK the castro regime from the communist bloc by working for a diplomatic UNK and a resumption of trade relations ; ; END
and concentrate its constructive efforts on eliminating in other parts of latin america the social conditions on which totalitarian nationalism feeds '' . END
mr. nixon , for his part , would oppose intervention in cuba without specific provocation . END
but he did recommend that president kennedy state clearly that if communist countries shipped any further arms to cuba that it would not be tolerated . END
until the cuban fiasco and the communist military victories in laos , almost any observer would have said that president kennedy had blended a program that respected , generally , the opinions voiced both by mr. nixon and the professors . END
very early in his administration he informed the kremlin through diplomatic channels , a high official source disclosed , that the new administration would react even tougher than the eisenhower administration would during the UNK period of the administration . END
strenuous efforts were made to remove pin UNK from administration statements . END
policies on nuclear test ban negotiations were reviewed and changed . END
but thus far there has been no response in kind . END
foreign aid programs were UNK to give greater emphasis to economic aid and to encourage political reform in recipient nations . END
in laos , the administration looked at the eisenhower administration efforts to show determination by sailing a naval fleet into southeast asian waters as a useless gesture . END
again and again it asked the communists to `` freeze '' the military situation in laos . END
but the communists aided the pathet lao at an even faster rate . END
and after several correspondents went into pathet lao territory and exposed the huge build-up , administration spokesmen acclaimed them for performing a `` great service '' and laid the matter before the southeast asia treaty organization . END
seato was steamed up and prepared UNK plans for coping with the military losses in laos . END
but the communists never gave sufficient provocation at any one time for the united states to want to risk a limited or an all-out war over laos . END
( some seato nations UNK , however . END
there was the further complication that the administration had very early concluded that laos was ill suited to be an ally , unlike its more determined neighbors , thailand and south viet nam . END
the administration declared itself in favor of a neutralized laos . END
the pro-western government , which the united states had helped in a revolt against the souvanna phouma `` neutralist '' government , never did appear to spark much fighting spirit in the royal lao army . END
there certainly was not any more energy displayed after it was clear the united states would not back the pro-western government to the UNK . END
if the administration ever had any ideas that it could find an acceptable alternative to prince souvanna phouma , whom it felt was too trusting of communists , it gradually had to relinquish them . END
one factor was the statement of senator j. w. UNK ( d ) of arkansas , chairman of the senate foreign relations committee . END
he declared on march 25 that the united states had UNK a year and a half ago by `` encouraging the removal '' of prince souvanna . END
the white house is taking extraordinary steps to check the rapid growth of juvenile delinquency in the united states . END
the president is deeply concerned over this problem and its effect upon the `` vitality of the nation '' . END
in an important assertion of national leadership in this field , he has issued an executive order establishing the president's committee on juvenile delinquency and crime , to be supported and assisted by a citizens advisory council of recognized authorities on juvenile problems . END
the president asks the support and cooperation of congress in his efforts through the enactment of legislation to provide federal grants to states for specified efforts in UNK this disturbing crime trend . END
the president has also called upon the attorney general , the secretary of health , education and welfare , and the secretary of labor to coordinate their efforts `` in the development of a program of federal leadership to assist states and local communities in their efforts to cope with the problem . END
simultaneously the president announced thursday the appointment of david l. UNK , a special assistant to the attorney general , as executive director of the new committee on juvenile delinquency and youth crime . END
his sense of urgency in this matter stems from the fact that court cases and juvenile UNK have more than doubled since 1948 , each year showing an increase in UNK . END
among UNK reported by the federal bureau of investigation in 1959 , about half for burglary and UNK involved persons under 18 years of age . END
east providence should organize its civil defense setup and begin by UNK a full-time director , raymond h. hawksley , the present city cd head , believes . END
mr. hawksley said yesterday he would be willing to go before the city council `` or anyone else locally '' to outline his proposal at the earliest possible time . END
east providence now has no civil defense program . END
mr. hawksley , the state's general treasurer , has been a part-time cd director in the city for the last nine years . END
he is not interested in being named a full-time director . END
noting that president kennedy has handed the defense department the major responsibility for the nation's civil defense program , mr. hawksley said the federal government would pay half the salary of a full-time local director . END
he expressed the opinion the city could hire a cd director for about UNK a year and would only have to put up half that amount on a matching fund basis to UNK the salary costs . END
mr. hawksley said he believed there are a number of qualified city residents who would be willing to take the full-time cd job . END
one of these men is former fire chief john a. UNK , he said . END
along with a director , the city should provide a cd headquarters so that pertinent information about the local organization would be centralized . END
one advantage that would come to the city in having a full-time director , he said , is that east providence would become eligible to apply to the federal government for financial aid in purchasing equipment needed for a sound civil defense program . END
matching funds also can be obtained for procurement of such items as radios , UNK and rescue trucks , he said . END
mr. hawksley believes that east providence could use two more rescue trucks , similar to the cd vehicle obtained several years ago and now detailed to the central fire station . END
he would assign one of the rescue trucks to the riverside section of the city and the other to the UNK area . END
speaking of the present status of civil defense in the city , mr. hawksley said he would be willing to bet that not more than one person in a hundred would know what to do or where to go in the event of an enemy attack . END
the narragansett race track grounds is one assembly point , he said , and a drive-in theater in UNK would be another . END
riverside residents would go to the UNK assembly point . END
mr. hawksley said he was not critical of city residents for not knowing what to do or where to assemble in case of an air attack . END
such vital information , he said , has to be made available to the public frequently and at regular intervals for residents to know . END
if the city council fails to consider appointment of a full-time cd director , mr. hawksley said , then he plans to call a meeting early in september so that a civil defense organization will be developed locally . END
one of the first things he would do , he said , would be to organize classes in first aid . END
other steps would be developed after information drifts down to the local level from the federal government . END
rhode island is going to examine its sunday sales law with possible revisions in mind . END
governor notte said last night he plans to name a committee to make the study and come up with recommendations for possible changes in time for the next session of the general assembly . END
the governor's move into the so-called `` blue law '' controversy came in the form of a letter to miss mary r. grant , deputy city clerk of central falls . END
a copy was released to the press . END
mr. notte was responding to a resolution adopted by the central falls city council on july 10 and sent to the state house by miss grant . END
the resolution urges the governor to have a complete study of the sunday sales laws made with an eye to their revision at the next session of the legislature . END
while the city council suggested that the legislative council might perform the review , mr. notte said that instead he will take up the matter with atty. gen. j. joseph nugent to get `` the benefit of his views '' . END
he will then appoint the study committee with mr. UNK cooperation , the governor said . END
`` i would expect the proposed committee to hold public hearings '' , mr. notte said , `` to obtain the views of the general public and religious , labor and UNK groups affected by these laws '' . END
the governor wrote miss grant that he has been concerned for some time `` with the continuous problem which confronts our local and state law enforcement officers as a result of the laws regulating sunday sales '' . END
the attorney general has advised local police that it is their duty to enforce the blue laws . END
should there be evidence they are UNK , he has said , the state police will step into the situation . END
there has been more activity across the state line in massachusetts than in rhode island in recent weeks toward enforcement of the sunday sales laws . END
the statutes , similar in both the bay state and rhode island and dating back in some instances to colonial times , severely limit the types of merchandise that may be sold on the UNK . END
the central falls city council expressed concern especially that more foods be placed on the eligible list and that neighborhood grocery and variety stores be allowed to do business on sunday . END
the only day they `` have a chance to compete with large UNK is on sunday '' , the council's resolution said . END
the small shops `` must be retained , for they provide essential service to the community '' , according to the resolution , which added that they `` also are the source of livelihood for thousands of our neighbors '' . END
it declares that sunday sales licenses provide `` great revenue '' to the local government . END
the council advised the governor that `` large UNK , factory outlets and department stores not be allowed to do business '' on sunday . END
they `` operate on a volume basis '' , it was contended , `` and are not essential to provide the more limited but vital shopping needs of the community '' . END
liberals and conservatives in both parties -- democratic and republican -- should divorce themselves and form two independent parties , george h. reama , nationally known labor-management expert , said here yesterday . END
mr. reama told the rotary club of providence at its luncheon at the UNK hotel that about half of the people in the country want the `` welfare '' type of government and the other half want a free enterprise system . END
he suggested that a UNK of forces might allow the average voter a better pull at the right lever for him on election day . END
he said he was `` UNK that i was a member of the socialist party in 1910 '' . END
that , he added , was when he was `` a very young man , a machinist and UNK by trade . END
`` that was before i studied law . END
some of my fellow workers were UNK me for an office in the socialist party . END
the lawyer with whom i studied law steered me off the socialist track . END
he steered me to the right track -- the free enterprise track '' . END
he said that when he was a socialist in 1910 , the party called for government operation of all utilities and the UNK of all resources . END
he suggested that without the socialist party ever gaining a national victory , most of its original program has come to pass under both major parties . END
mr. reama , who retired as vice president of the american screw co. in 1955 said , `` both parties in the last election told us that we need a five per cent growth in the gross national product -- but neither told us how to achieve it '' . END
he said he favors wage increases for workers -- `` but manufacturers are caught in a profit squeeze '' -- and raises should only come when the public is conditioned to higher prices , he added . END
indicating the way in which he has turned his back on his 1910 philosophy , mr. reama said : `` a socialist is a person who believes in dividing everything he does not own '' . END
mr. reama , far from really being retired , is engaged in industrial relations counseling . END
a petition bearing the signatures of more than UNK johnston taxpayers was presented to the town council last night as what is hoped will be the first step in obtaining a home rule charter for the town . END
william a. martinelli , chairman of the citizens group of johnston , transferred the petitions from his left hand to his right hand after the council voted to accept them at the suggestion of council president raymond UNK sr. . END
the law which UNK home rule charter petitions states that they must be referred to the chairman of the board of UNK for verification of the signatures within 10 days and mr. martinelli happens to hold that post . END
mr. martinelli explained that there should be more than enough signatures to assure the UNK of a vote on the home rule charter and possible election of a nine member charter commission within 70 days . END
he explained that by law the council must establish procedures for a vote on the issue within 60 days after the board of UNK completes its work . END
a difference of opinion arose between mr. martinelli and john p. UNK , town solicitor , over the exact manner in which the vote is handled . END
mr. martinelli has , in recent weeks , been of the opinion that a special town meeting would be called for the vote , while mr. UNK said that a special election might be called instead . END
mr. UNK said that he had consulted several superior court UNK in the last week and received opinions favoring both procedures . END
he assured mr. martinelli and the council that he would study the correct method and report back to the council as soon as possible . END
mr. martinelli said yesterday that the citizens group of johnston will meet again july 24 to plan further strategy in the charter movement . END
he said that the group has no candidates for the charter commission in mind at present , but that it will undoubtedly endorse candidates when the time comes . END
`` after inspiring this , i think we should certainly follow through on it '' , he declared . END
`` it has become our responsibility and i hope that the citizens group will UNK the movement '' . END
he said he would not be surprised if some of the more than 30 members of the group are interested in running on the required UNK ballot for posts on the charter commission . END
`` our most immediate goal is to increase public awareness of the movement '' , he indicated , `` and to tell them what this will mean for the town '' . END
he expects that if the present timetable is followed a vote will be scheduled during the last week in september . END
some opposition to the home rule movement started to be heard yesterday , with spokesmen for the town's UNK democratic leadership speaking out against the home rule charter in favor of the model municipal league charter . END
increasing opposition can be expected in coming weeks , it was indicated . END
misunderstanding of the real meaning of a home rule charter was cited as a factor which has caused the citizens group to obtain signatures under what were termed `` false UNK '' . END
several UNK affixed their names , it was learned , after being told that no tax increase would be possible without consent of the general assembly and that a provision could be included in the charter to have the town take over the johnston sanitary district sewer system . END
action on a new ordinance permitting motorists who plead guilty to minor traffic offenses to pay UNK at the local police station may be taken at UNK special north providence town council meeting . END
council president frank UNK said yesterday he may ask the council to formally request town solicitor michael a. UNK to draft the ordinance . END
at the last session of the general assembly , the town was authorized to adopt such an ordinance as a means of making enforcement of minor offenses more effective . END
nothing has been done yet to take advantage of the enabling legislation . END
at present all offenses must be taken to sixth district court for disposition . END
local police have hesitated to UNK them because of the heavy court costs involved even for the simplest offense . END
-- james p. mitchell and sen. walter h. jones UNK , last night UNK on the value of using as a campaign issue a remark by richard j. hughes , democratic gubernatorial candidate , that the gop is `` campaigning on the carcass of eisenhower republicanism '' . END
mitchell was for using it , jones against , and sen. wayne dumont jr. UNK did not mention it when the three republican gubernatorial candidates spoke at staggered intervals before 100 persons at the park hotel . END
the controversial remark was first made sunday by hughes at a westfield young democratic club cocktail party at the scotch plains country club . END
it was greeted with a chorus of UNK by 500 women in UNK monday at a forum of the state federation of women's clubs . END
hughes said monday , `` it is the apparent intention of the republican party to campaign on the carcass of what they call eisenhower republicanism , but the heart stopped beating and the UNK congealed after eisenhower retired . END
now he's gone , the republican party is not going to be able to sell the tattered remains to the people of the state '' . END
sunday he had added , `` we can love eisenhower the man , even if we considered him a mediocre president but there is nothing left of the republican party without his leadership '' . END
mitchell said the statement should become a major issue in the primary and the fall campaign . END
`` how can a man with any degree of common decency charge this '' ? ? END
the former secretary of labor said he was proud to be an eisenhower republican `` and proud to have absorbed his philosophy '' while working in his UNK . END
mitchell said the UNK of the outcome in last UNK presidential election did not mean that eisenhower republicanism was a dead issue . END
jones said he regretted hughes had made a personal attack on a past president . END
`` he is wrong to inject eisenhower into this campaign '' , he said , `` because the primary is being waged on state issues and i will not be forced into UNK an old national campaign '' . END
the audience last night did not respond with either applause or UNK to mention of UNK remark . END
dumont spoke on the merit of having an open primary . END
he then launched into what the issues should be in the campaign . END
state aid to schools , the continuance of railroad passenger service , the proper uses of surplus funds of the port of new york authority , and making new jersey attractive to new industry . END
mitchell UNK the high rate of unemployment in the state and said the UNK administration and the UNK state senate `` must share the blame for this '' . END
noting that UNK last year had lost the UNK truck co. plant , he said industry will not come into this state until there is tax reform . END
`` but i am not in favor of a sales or state income tax at this time '' , mitchell said . END
jones , unhappy that the candidates were limited to eight minutes for a speech and no audience questions , saved his UNK for mitchell . END
he said mitchell is against the centralization of government in washington but looks to the kennedy administration for aid to meet new jersey school and transportation crises . END
`` he calls for help while saying he is against centralization , but you can't have it both ways '' , jones said . END
the state is now faced with the immediate question of raising new taxes whether on utilities , real estate or motor vehicles , he said , `` and i challenge mitchell to tell the people where he stands on the tax issue '' . END
earlier , mitchell said in a statement : END
`` i think that all americans will resent deeply the statements made about president eisenhower by richard j. hughes . END
his reference to ' UNK carcass ' or ' tattered remains ' of the president's leadership is an insult to the man who led our forces to victory in the greatest war in all history , to the man who was twice elected overwhelmingly by the american people as president of the united states , and who has been the symbol to the world of the UNK intentions of the free nations . END
`` i find it hard to understand how anyone seeking a position in public life could demonstrate such poor judgment and bad taste . END
`` such a vicious statement can only have its origin in the desire of a new political candidate to try to make his name known by condemning a man of world stature . END
it can only UNK to mr. UNK UNK '' . END
sen. charles w. sandman , UNK may , said today jones will run well ahead of his gop opponents for the gubernatorial nomination . END
sandman , state campaign chairman for jones , was addressing a meeting in the military park hotel , newark , of essex county leaders and campaign managers for jones . END
sandman told the gathering that reports from workers on a local level all over the state indicate that jones will be chosen the republican party's UNK with the largest majority given a candidate in recent years . END
sandman said : `` the announcement that sen. clifford case aj , has decided to spend all his available time campaigning for mr. mitchell is a dead giveaway . END
it is a desperate effort to prop up a sagging candidate who has proven he cannot answer any questions about new UNK problems . END
`` we have witnessed in this campaign the effort to project mr. mitchell as the image of a unity candidate from washington . END
`` we are now witnessing an effort to transfer to mr. mitchell some of the glow of sen. UNK candidacy of last year . END
that , too , will fail '' . END
sandman announced the appointment of mrs. harriet UNK UNK of UNK UNK ave. , westfield , as state chairman of the republican women for jones committee . END
mrs. UNK is president of the westfield women's republican club and is a westfield county UNK . END
county supervisor UNK r. sheets , who is a candidate for the democratic gubernatorial nomination , today called for an end to paper UNK in those counties in the state which still use them . END
the proposal , sheets said , represents part of his program for election reforms necessary to make democracy in new jersey more than a `` lip service word '' . END
sheets said that his proposed law would offer state financing aid for the purchase of voting machines , enabling counties to repay the loan over a 10-year period without interest or charge . END
sheets added that he would ask for exclusive use of voting machines in the state by january , UNK . END
although he pointed out that mandatory legislation impinging on home rule is basically UNK , he added that the vital interest in election results UNK county lines . END
the candidacy of mayor james j. UNK of west orange , for the republican nomination for sheriff of essex county , was supported today by edward w. UNK , west orange public safety commissioner . END
UNK , a lawyer and former fbi man is running against the republican UNK candidate , UNK william UNK , for the vacancy left by the resignation of UNK UNK , now a member of the state board of tax appeals . END
`` my experience as public safety commissioner '' , UNK said , `` has shown me that the office of sheriff is best filled by a man with law enforcement experience , and preferably one who is a lawyer . END
jim UNK fits that description '' . END
-- william j. UNK , state fire warden in the department of conservation and economic development , has retired after 36 years of service . END
a citation from conservation commissioner UNK a. UNK credits his supervision with a reduction in the number of forest fires in the state . END
UNK joined the department in 1925 as a division fire warden after graduation in 1921 from the university of michigan with a degree in UNK and employment with private lumber companies . END
in october 1944 , he was appointed state warden and chief of the forest fire section . END
under his supervision , the state UNK agency developed such techniques as plowing of fire lines and established a fleet of tractor UNK and tractor units for fire fighting . END
he also expanded and UNK the radio system with a central control station . END
he introduced regular UNK sessions for district fire UNK and first aid training for section UNK . END
he is credited with setting up an annual co-operative fire prevention program in co-operation with the red cross and state department of education . END
-- richard j. hughes made his morris county debut in his bid for the democratic gubernatorial nomination here last night with a UNK `` to carry the issues to every corner of the state '' . END
he promised nearly 200 democratic county committee members at the meeting in the UNK inn : `` when i come back here after the november election you'll think , ' you're my man -- you're the kind of governor we're glad we elected ' '' . END
he said , `` we democrats must resolve our issues on the test of what is right and just , and not what is expedient at the time '' . END
in his only attack on the republicans , hughes said , `` the three republican candidates for governor are UNK over their feet for popular slogans to win the primary . END
but we'll have a liberal , well planned , forward looking , honest platform . END
we'll not talk out of one side of our mouth in morris county and out of the other side in hudson . END
`` we'll take the truth to the people , and the people will like the truth and elect their candidate and party in november '' . END
he said , `` you can see signs of the UNK feeble attack on the UNK administration . END
but i shall campaign on the UNK record to meet the needs of the years ahead '' . END
he urged new jersey to `` become a full partner in the courageous actions of president kennedy '' . END
he called for a greater attraction of industry and a stop to the UNK of industry by southern states , and a strong fight against discrimination in business and industry . END
`` we must keep the bloodstream of new jersey clean '' , the former superior court judge said . END
`` to prevent UNK from UNK the state as they did in the republican administration in the early UNK '' . END
calling the democrats the `` party that lives , UNK and thinks for the good of the people '' , hughes asked , `` a representative democratic vote in the primary for a UNK toward victory in november '' . END
hughes supported gov. UNK `` green acres '' plan for saving large tracts of open land from the onrush of urban development . END
he said legislation for a $60 million bond issue to UNK the program is expected to be introduced monday . END
the plan will provide $45 million for purchase of open land by the state . END
the other $15 million is to be UNK to municipalities on a matching fund basis . END
hughes said , `` this is not a plan to conquer space -- but to UNK it '' , pointing out the state population has increased UNK each year since 1950 . END
he said `` morris county is rapidly changing and unless steps are taken to preserve the green areas , there will be no land left to preserve '' . END
hughes would not comment on tax reforms or other issues in which the republican candidates are involved . END
he said no matter what stand he takes it would be UNK that he was sympathetic to one or the other of the republicans . END
`` after the primary '' , he promised , `` i'll be explicit on where i stand to bring you a strong , dynamic administration . END
i'm not afraid to tangle with the republican UNK '' . END
-- fifteen members of the republican state committee who are retiring -- voluntarily -- this year were honored yesterday by their colleagues . END
the outgoing members , whose UNK terms will UNK a week after the april 18 primary election , received carved wooden elephants , complete with ivory UNK , to remember the state committee by . END
there may be other 1961 state committee UNK come april 18 , but they will be leaving by choice of the republican voters . END
a special presentation was made to mrs. UNK thompson of red bank , who is stepping down after 35 years on the committee . END
she also was the original gop national UNK from new jersey in the early 1920s following adoption of the women's suffrage amendment . END
she served one UNK term on the national committee . END
resentment UNK up yesterday among democratic district leaders and some county leaders at reports that mayor wagner had decided to seek a third term with paul r. UNK and abraham d. UNK as running mates . END
at the same time reaction among UNK democratic leaders and in the liberal party to the mayor's reported plan was generally favorable . END
some UNK democrats saw in the program an opportunity to end the bitter internal fight within the democratic party that has been going on for the last three years . END
the resentment among democratic organization leaders to the reported wagner plan was directed particularly at the mayor's efforts to name his own running mates without consulting the leaders . END
some viewed this attempt as evidence that mr. wagner regarded himself as bigger than the party . END
some democratic district and county leaders are reported trying to induce state controller arthur levitt of brooklyn to oppose mr. wagner for the UNK nomination in the sept. 7 democratic primary . END
these contend there is a serious question as to whether mr. wagner has the confidence of the democratic rank and file in the city . END
their view is that UNK changes the mayor is proposing to make in the democratic ticket only emphasize the weakness of his performance as mayor . END
in an apparent effort to head off such a rival primary slate , mr. wagner talked by telephone yesterday with representative charles a. buckley , the bronx democratic leader , and with joseph t. UNK , the brooklyn democratic leader . END
as usual , he made no attempt to get in touch with UNK g. de UNK , the manhattan leader . END
he is publicly on record as believing mr. de UNK should be replaced for the good of the party . END
last night the mayor visited mr. buckley at the bronx leader's home for a discussion of the situation . END
apparently he believes mr. buckley holds the key to the democratic UNK acceptance of his choices for running mates without a struggle . END
in talks with mr. buckley last week in washington , the mayor apparently received the bronx leader's assent to dropping controller lawrence e. UNK , who lives in the bronx , from this year's ticket . END
but mr. buckley seems to have assumed he would be given the right to pick mr. UNK successor . END
the mayor declined in two interviews with reporters yesterday to confirm or deny the reports that he had decided to run and wanted mr. UNK , who lives in queens , to replace UNK stark , the incumbent , as the candidate for president of the city council and mr. UNK , who lives in brooklyn , to replace mr. UNK as the candidate for controller . END
the mayor spoke yesterday at the united irish counties UNK on the hunter college campus in the bronx . END
after his speech , reporters asked him about the report of his political intentions , published in yesterday's new york times . END
`` it didn't come from me . END
but as i have said before , if i announce my candidacy , i will have something definite to say about running mates '' . END
-- a wave of public resentment against corruption in government is rising in massachusetts . END
there is a tangible feeling in the air of revulsion toward politics . END
the taxi driver taking the visitor from the airport remarks that politicians in the state are `` all the same '' . END
`` it's ' see joe , see jim ' '' , he says . END
`` the hand is out '' . END
a political scientist writes of the growth of `` alienated voters '' , who `` believe that voting is useless because politicians or those who influence politicians are corrupt , selfish and beyond popular control . END
these voters view the political process as a secret conspiracy , the object of which is to UNK them '' . END
corruption is hardly a recent development in the city and state that were widely identified as the UNK of edwin UNK novel , `` the last UNK '' . END
but there are reasons for the current spotlight on the subject . END
a succession of highly publicized scandals has aroused the public within the last year . END
UNK in the construction of highways and other public works has brought on state and federal investigations . END
and the election of president kennedy has attracted new attention to the ethical climate of his home state . END
a reader of the boston newspapers can hardly escape the impression that petty UNK , or worse , is the norm in massachusetts public life . END
day after day some new episode is reported . END
the state public works department is accused of having spent UNK to build a private beach for a state judge on his waterfront property . END
an assistant attorney general is directed to investigate . END
-- congress starts another week tomorrow with sharply contrasting forecasts for the two chambers . END
in the senate , several bills are expected to pass without any major conflict or opposition . END
in the house , the UNK coalition is expected to make another major stand in opposition to the administration's housing bill , while more UNK is expected in an attempt to advance the UNK bill . END
the housing bill is now in the house rules committee . END
it is expected to be reported out tuesday , but this is a little uncertain . END
the UNK action depends on the return of representative james w. UNK , democrat of arkansas , who has been siding with speaker sam rayburn's forces in the rules committee in moving bills to the floor . END
mr. UNK has been in the hospital but is expected back tuesday . END
the housing bill is expected to encounter strong opposition by the coalition of southern democrats and conservative republicans . END
the democratic leadership , however , hopes to pass it sometime this week . END
the UNK measure , which was passed last monday by the senate , provides for UNK mortgages at low UNK for UNK families . END
it also provides for funds to clear slums and help colleges build dormitories . END
the education bill appears to be temporarily stalled in the rules committee , where two northern democratic members who usually vote with the administration are UNK because of the religious controversy . END
they are james j. UNK of queens and thomas p. UNK jr. of massachusetts . END
what could rescue the bill would be some quick progress on a bill UNK the national defense education act of 1958 . END
this would provide for long-term federal loans for construction of parochial and other UNK facilities for teaching science , languages and mathematics . END
mr. UNK and mr. UNK are not willing to vote on the UNK measure until the defense education bill UNK the house education and labor committee . END
about half of all peace corps projects assigned to voluntary agencies will be carried out by religious groups , according to an official of the corps . END
in the UNK budget that has been submitted for congressional approval , UNK would be spent through universities and private voluntary agencies . END
twelve projects proposed by private groups are at the UNK stage , gordon UNK , director of relations with the voluntary agencies , said in a washington interview . END
six of these were proposed by religious groups . END
they will be for teaching , agriculture and community development in southeast asia , africa , the middle east and latin america . END
interviews with several church leaders have disclosed that this development has raised the question whether the peace corps will be able to prevent confusion for church and state over methods , means and goals . END
there are a number of ways this could happen , the UNK pointed out , and here is an example : END
last month in ghana an american missionary discovered when he came to pay his hotel bill that the usual rate had been doubled . END
when he protested , the hotel owner said : END
`` why do you worry ? ? END
the u. s. government is paying for it . END
the u. s. government pays for all its overseas workers '' . END
`` i don't work for the government '' , the american said . END
`` i'm a missionary '' . END
the hotel owner shrugged . END
`` same thing '' , he said . END
and then , some UNK remarked , there is a more classical UNK problem : END
can religious agencies use government funds and peace corps personnel in their projects and still preserve the constitutional requirement on separation of church and state ? ? END
r. sargent shriver jr. , director of the corps , is certain that they can . END
no religious group , he declared in an interview , will receive peace corps funds unless it UNK all UNK on the project it proposes . END
-- at a gay party in the kremlin for president sukarno of indonesia , premier khrushchev pulled out his pockets and said , beaming : `` look , he took everything i had '' ! ! END
mr. khrushchev was UNK in the UNK mood of the successful banker . END
indonesia is one of the twenty UNK countries of asia , africa and latin america that are receiving soviet aid . END
the soviet union and other members of the communist bloc are rapidly expanding their economic , technical and military assistance to the UNK nations . END
the communist countries allocated more than UNK in economic aid alone last year , according to western estimates . END
this was the biggest annual UNK since the communist program for the UNK countries made its modest beginning in 1954 . END
in 1960 more than 6,000 communist technicians were present in those countries . END
united nations , n. y. , june 18 END
-- a committee of experts has recommended that a country's population be considered in the distribution of professional posts at the united nations . END
this was disclosed today by a responsible source amid intensified efforts by the soviet union to gain a greater role in the staff and operation of the united nations . END
one effect of the proposal , which puts a premium on population instead of economic strength , as in the past , would be to take jobs from european nations and give more to such countries as india . END
india is the most populous united nations member with more than UNK inhabitants . END
the new formula for filling staff positions in the secretariat is one of a number of recommendations made by a panel of eight in a long and detailed report . END
the report was completed after nearly eighteen months of work on the question of the organization of the united nations . END
formula is due this week END
the advisory committee on administrative and UNK questions is expected to receive the report this week . END
the jobs formula is understood to follow these lines : END
each of the UNK UNK members would get two professional posts , such as political affairs officer , a department head or an economist , to start . END
each member would get one post for each UNK people in its population up to UNK people or a maximum of fifteen posts . END
each member with a population above UNK would get one additional post for each additional UNK people up to an unspecified UNK point . END
-- the three leaders of laos agreed today to begin negotiations tomorrow on forming a coalition government that would unite the UNK kingdom . END
the decision was made in UNK by prince boun UNK , premier of the pro-western royal government ; ; END
prince souvanna phouma , leader of the nation's UNK and recognized as premier by the communist bloc , and prince UNK , head of the pro-communist pathet lao forces . END
the latter two are UNK . END
their joint statement was welcomed by the western UNK who will attend tomorrow the nineteenth plenary session of the UNK conference on the future of laos . END
an agreement among the UNK on a coalition government would ease their task , diplomats conceded . END
but no one was overly optimistic . END
w. UNK UNK of the united states , UNK UNK of britain , maurice UNK de UNK , france's foreign minister , and howard c. green , UNK minister of external affairs , concluded , meanwhile , a round of UNK here on future tactics in the conference . END
the pace of the talks has slowed with each passing week . END
princess UNK , prince souvanna UNK young daughter , read the UNK statement . END
they had a two-hour luncheon together in `` an atmosphere of cordial understanding and relaxation '' , she said . END
the three UNK agreed upon a UNK agenda for their talks , which are to last three days . END
the princess said it was too early to say what would be decided if no agreement was reached after three days . END
the meetings in UNK , the statement said , would deal only with principles that would guide the three factors in their search for a coalition government . END
appointment of william s. pfaff jr. , 41 , as promotion manager of the UNK publishing company was announced saturday by john f. UNK , president of the company . END
pfaff succeeds martin burke , who resigned . END
the new promotion manager has been employed by the company since january , 1946 , as a commercial artist in the advertising department . END
he is a native of new orleans and attended allen elementary school , UNK high school and UNK business college . END
from june , 1942 , until december , 1945 , pfaff served in the army air corps . END
while in the service he attended radio school at scott field in UNK , ill. . END
before entering the service , pfaff for five years did clerical work with a general merchandising and wholesale firm in new orleans . END
he is married to the former UNK UNK and has a daughter , UNK , 13 . END
they UNK at UNK miles dr. . END
-- thousands of UNK seats are being erected along pennsylvania avenue between the capitol and the white house for the big inaugural parade on jan. 20 . END
assuming the weather is halfway decent that day , hundreds of thousands of persons will mass along this UNK as president john f. kennedy and retiring president dwight d. eisenhower leave capitol hill following the UNK ceremonies and ride down this historic UNK route . END
pennsylvania avenue , named for one of the original 13 states , perhaps is not the most impressive street in the district of columbia from a commercial standpoint . END
but from a historic viewpoint none can approach it . END
within view of the avenue are some of the united states government's tremendous buildings , plus shrines and monuments . END
of course , UNK pennsylvania , the white house , is the most famous address of the free world . END
within an easy walk from capitol hill where pennsylvania avenue comes together with constitution avenue , begins a series of great federal buildings , some a block long and all about UNK high . END
great chapters of history have been recorded along the avenue , now about UNK years old . END
in the early spring of 1913 a few hundred thousand persons turned out to watch 5000 women parade . END
they were the UNK and they wanted to vote . END
in the 1920 presidential election they had that right and many of them did vote for the first time . END
along this avenue which saw marching soldiers from the war between the states returning in 1865 is the national archives building where hundreds of thousands of this country's most valuable records are kept . END
also the department of justice building is located where j. UNK hoover UNK over the federal bureau of investigation . END
street car tracks run down the center of pennsylvania , UNK with lines that are underground . END
many spectators will be occupying seats and vantage points bordering lafayette square , opposite the white house . END
in this historic square are several statues , but the one that stands out over the others is that of gen. andrew jackson , hero of the battle of new orleans . END
moving past the presidential viewing stand and lafayette square will be at least 40 marching units . END
about UNK military members of all branches of the armed forces will take part in the parade . END
division one of the parade will be the service UNK . END
division two will include the representations of massachusetts and texas , the respective states of the president and of vice-president l. b. johnson . END
then will come nine other states in the order of their admission to the union . END
division three will be headed by the marines followed by 12 states ; ; END
division four will be headed by the navy , followed by 11 states ; ; END
division five , by the air force followed by 11 states . END
division six will be headed by the coast guard , followed by the reserve forces of all services , five states , puerto rico , the virgin islands , guam , american UNK , the trust territories and the UNK zone . END
-- what does 1961 offer in political and governmental developments in mississippi ? ? END
even for those who have been observing the political scene a long time , no script from the past is worth very much in gazing into the state's immediate political future . END
this is largely because of the UNK of the man who operates the helm of the state government and is the elected leader of its two million inhabitants -- gov. ross barnett . END
barnett , who came into office with no previous experience in public administration , has surrounded himself with confusion which not only keeps his foes guessing but his friends as well . END
consequently , it is uncertain after nearly 12 months in office just which direction the barnett administration will take in the coming year . END
some predict the administration will settle down during 1961 and iron out the rough edges which it has had thus far . END
the UNK headache of the barnett regime thus far has been the steady stream of UNK and others who feel they were given commitments by barnett at some stage of his UNK quest for the governor's office . END
there are many who predict that should barnett decide to call the legislature back into special session , it will really throw his administration into a UNK . END
certainly nobody will predict that the next time the lawmakers come back together barnett will be able to enjoy a UNK of the strange but successful `` honeymoon '' he had in the 1960 legislative session . END
if barnett doesn't call a special session in 1961 , it will be the first year in the last decade that the legislature has not met in regular or special session . END
the odds favor a special session , more than likely early in the year . END
legislators always get restless for a special session ( whether for the companionship or the UNK per UNK is not certain ) and if they start UNK . END
barnett is not expected to be able to UNK the pressure . END
the issue which may make it necessary to have a session is the highly sensitive problem of cutting the state's congressional districts from six to five to eliminate one congressional seat . END
with eyes focused on the third congressional district , the historic delta district , and congressman frank e. smith as the one most likely to go , the UNK battle will put to a test the UNK power which lawmakers from the delta have held in the legislature . END
UNK relations with the national democratic party will be at a crossroads during 1961 , with the first democratic president in eight years in the white house . END
split badly during the recent presidential election into almost equally divided camps of party UNK and UNK , the democratic party in mississippi is currently a wreck . END
and there has been no effort since the election to pull it back together . END
barnett , as the UNK head of the democratic party , apparently must make the move to UNK relations with the national democratic party or see a movement come from the UNK ranks to completely UNK him as a party UNK . END
with a democratic administration , party patronage would normally begin to flow to mississippi if it had held its democratic solidarity in the november election . END
now , the picture is clouded , and even us UNK james o. UNK and john c. UNK , who remained loyal to the ticket , are uncertain of their status . END
reports are that it is more than probable that the four congressmen from mississippi who did not support the party ticket will be stripped of the usual patronage which flows to congressmen . END
-- the gov. UNK h. davis administration appears to face a difficult year in 1961 , with the governor's theme of peace and harmony subjected to severe stresses . END
the year will probably start out with segregation still the most troublesome issue . END
but it might give way shortly to another UNK issue -- that of finances in state government . END
the transition from segregation to finances might already be in progress , in the form of an administration proposal to hike the state sales tax from 2 per cent to 3 per cent . END
the administration has said the sales tax proposal is merely part of the segregation strategy , since the revenues from the increase would be dedicated to a grant in aid program . END
but the UNK of the administration in making the dedication has caused legislators to suspect the tax bill was related more directly to an over-all shortage of cash than to segregation . END
indeed , the administration's curious position on the sales tax was a major factor in contributing to its defeat . END
the administration could not say why $28 million was needed for a UNK program . END
the effectiveness of the governor in clearing up some of the UNK revolving about the sales tax bill may play a part in determining whether it can UNK the required two-thirds vote . END
the tax bill will be up for reconsideration wednesday in the house when the legislature UNK . END
davis may use the tax bill as a means to effect a transition from special sessions of the legislature to normalcy . END
if it fails to pass , he can throw up his hands and say the legislature would not support him in his efforts to prevent integration . END
he could terminate special sessions of the legislature . END
actually , davis would have to toss in the towel soon anyway . END
many legislators are already weary and frustrated over the UNK losing battle to block token integration . END
this is not the sort of thing most UNK would care to acknowledge publicly . END
they would like to convey the notion something is being done , even though it is something they know to be UNK . END
passage of the sales tax measure would also give davis the means to effect a transition . END
he could tell the legislature they had provided the needed funds to carry on the battle . END
then he could tell them to go home , while the administration continued to wage the battle with the $28 million in extra revenues the sales tax measure would bring in over an eight months period . END
it is difficult to be certain how the administration views that $28 million , since the views of one leader may not be the same as the views of another one . END
but if the administration should find it does not need the $28 million for a UNK program , a not unlikely conclusion , it could very well seek a way to use the money for other purposes . END
this would be in perfect UNK with the underlying concern in the administration -- the shortage of cash . END
it could become an acute problem in the coming fiscal year . END
if the administration does not succeed in passing the sales tax bill , or any other tax bill , it could very well be faced this spring at the fiscal session of the legislature with an interesting dilemma . END
since the constitution forbids introduction of a tax bill at a fiscal session , the administration will either have to cut down expenses or UNK its estimates of anticipated revenues . END
in either case , it could call a special session of the legislature later in 1961 to make another UNK at raising additional revenues through a tax UNK . END
the prospect of cutting back spending is an unpleasant one for any governor . END
it is one that most try to avoid , as long as they can see an alternative approach to the problem . END
but if all alternatives should be clearly blocked off , it can be expected the davis administration will take steps to trim spending at the spring session of the state legislature . END
this might be done to arouse those who have been squeezed out by the UNK to exert pressure on the legislature , so it would be more UNK to a tax proposal later in the year . END
a constant problem confronting davis on any proposals for new taxes will be the charge by his foes that he has not tried to UNK . END
any tax bill also will revive allegations that some of his followers have been using their administration affiliations UNK to profit themselves . END
the new year might see some UNK , either genuine or token , depending upon developments , to give davis an opportunity to combat some of these criticisms . END
city controller alexander hemphill charged tuesday that the bids on the UNK elevated repair project were UNK to the advantage of a private UNK company which had `` an inside track '' with the city . END
estimates of the city's loss in the UNK job have ranged as high as UNK . END
hemphill said that the hughes steel erection co. contracted to do the work at an UNK low cost with a bid that was far less than the `` legitimate '' bids of competing UNK . END
the hughes concern then took `` UNK '' on the project but got paid anyway , hemphill said . END
the UNK charge of UNK was the latest development in an investigation which also brought these disclosures tuesday : END
the city has sued for the full amount of the UNK performance bond covering the contract . END
the philadelphia transportation co. is investigating the part its organization played in reviewing the project . END
the signature of harold v. UNK , former director of architecture and engineering in the department of public property , appeared on payment UNK UNK work on the project . END
UNK has been fired on charges of accepting gifts from the contractor . END
managing director donald c. wagner has agreed to cooperate fully with hemphill after a period of sharp disagreement on the matter . END
the announcement that the city would sue for recovery on the performance bond was made by city solicitor david berger at a press conference following a meeting in the morning with wagner and other officials of the city and the UNK as well as representatives of an engineering firm that was pulled off the el project before its completion in 1959 . END
the hughes company and the consolidated industries , inc. , both of UNK n. 2d st. , filed for reorganization under the federal bankruptcy law . END
on monday , the hughes concern was formally declared bankrupt after its directors indicated they could not draw up a plan for reorganization . END
business relations between the companies and city have been under investigation by hemphill and district attorney james c. UNK , jr. . END
the suit was filed later in the day in common UNK court 7 against the hughes company and two UNK firms . END
travelers UNK co. and the continental UNK co. . END
at berger's direction , the city also intervened in the hughes bankruptcy case in u. s. district court in a move preliminary to filing a claim there . END
`` i am taking the position that the contract was clearly violated '' , berger said . END
the contract UNK mostly involve failure to perform rehabilitation work on expansion joints along the el track . END
the contract called for UNK of UNK joints . END
the city paid for work on 75 , of which no more than 21 were repaired , hemphill charged . END
hemphill said the hughes concern contracted to do the repairs at a cost of $500 for each joint . END
the bid from a. UNK and sons of cambridge , mass. , which listed the same officers as hughes , was $600 per joint . END
but , hemphill added , bids from other UNK ranged from UNK to UNK per joint . END
berger's decision to sue for the full amount of the performance bond was questioned by wagner in the morning press conference . END
wagner said the city paid only UNK to the hughes company . END
`` we won't know the full amount until we get a full report '' , wagner said . END
`` we can claim on the maximum amount of the bond '' , berger said . END
wagner replied , `` can't you just see the headline : ' city hooked for UNK ' '' ? ? END
' know enough to sue ' END
berger insisted that `` we know enough to sue for the full amount '' . END
douglas m. pratt , president of the UNK , who attended the meeting , said the transit company is reviewing the work on the el . END
`` we want to find out who knew about it '' , pratt said . END
`` certain people must have known about it '' . END
`` the UNK is investigating the whole matter '' , pratt said . END
samuel d. goodis , representing the philadelphia hotel association , objected on tuesday to a proposed boost by the city in licensing fees , saying that occupancy rates in major hotels here ranged from 48 to 74 percent last year . END
goodis voiced his objection before city council's finance committee . END
for hotels with 1000 rooms , the increased license fee would mean an expense of $5000 a year , goodis said . END
his testimony came during a hearing on a bill raising fees for a wide variety of licenses , permits and city services . END
the new fees are expected to raise an additional UNK in the remainder of 1961 and UNK more a year after that . END
the ordinance would increase the fee for UNK houses , hotels and UNK dwellings to $5 a room . END
the cost of a license now is $2 , with an annual renewal fee of $1 . END
goodis said that single rooms account for 95 percent of the UNK in some hotels . END
the city expects the higher UNK house , hotel and apartment house fees to bring in an additional UNK a year . END
the increase also was opposed by leonard UNK , spokesman for the home builders association of philadelphia , on behalf of association members who operate apartment houses . END
a proposal to raise dog license fees drew an objection from UNK virginia UNK , who formerly raised UNK dogs . END
the ordinance would increase fees from $1 for males and $2 for females to a flat $5 a dog . END
mrs. UNK said she did not think dog owners should be UNK for the city's services to animal care . END
in reply , deputy police commissioner howard r. UNK said that the city spends more than UNK annually to license and UNK dogs but collects only UNK in fees . END
he reported that the city's contributions for animal care included UNK to the women's UNK ; ; END
UNK to pay six policemen assigned as dog UNK and UNK to investigate dog bites . END
city finance director richard j. UNK UNK the higher fees , which , he said , had been under study for more than a year . END
the city is not adequately compensated for the services covered by the fees , he said . END
the new fee schedule also was supported by commissioner of licenses and UNK UNK UNK and health commissioner eugene a. UNK . END
petitions asking for a jail term for UNK attorney julian w. barnard will be presented to the montgomery county court friday , it was disclosed tuesday by horace a. davenport , counsel for the widow of the man killed last nov. 1 by UNK UNK car . END
the petitions will be presented in open court to president judge william f. UNK , davenport said . END
barnard , who pleaded no defense to manslaughter and UNK charges , was fined $500 by judge warren k. UNK , and placed on two years' probation providing he does not drive during that time . END
he was caught driving the day after the sentence was pronounced and given a warning . END
victim of the accident was robert lee UNK , 39 . END
his widow started the circulation of petitions after barnard was UNK for violating the probation . END
the city planning commission on tuesday approved agreements between two UNK and the redevelopment authority for the purchase of land in the UNK eastwick redevelopment area project . END
the commission also approved a novel plan that would eliminate traffic hazards for UNK in the project . END
one of the agreements calls for the new eastwick corp. to purchase a UNK acre tract for UNK . END
the tract is bounded by island ave. , UNK ave. , UNK st. , and eastwick ave. . END
it is designated as stage 1 residential on the redevelopment UNK master plan and will feature row houses , garden apartments , four small parks , schools , churches , a shopping center and several small clusters of stores . END
the corporation was formed by the reynolds metal co. and the samuel a. and henry a. berger firm , a philadelphia builder , for work in the project . END
the second agreement permits the authority to sell a UNK tract west of stage 1 residential to philadelphia builders eastwick corp. , a firm composed of 10 philadelphia area builders , which is interested in developing part of the project . END
the plan for eliminating traffic hazards for UNK was developed by dr. UNK a. UNK , former minister of reconstruction in greece and a consulting UNK for the new eastwick corp. . END
the plan calls for dividing the project into 16 sectors which would be barred to UNK traffic . END
it provides for a series of UNK UNK and a central UNK that would eventually run through the center of the entire UNK length of the project . END
the UNK eliminates UNK ave. , which on original plans ran through the center of the development . END
the UNK would feature pedestrian bridges over roads in the project . END
kansas city , mo. , feb. 9 ( upi ) END
-- the president of the kansas city local of the international association of fire fighters was UNK injured today when a bomb tore his car apart as he left home for work . END
UNK chief stanton m. UNK , 42 , the central figure in a representation dispute between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union , suffered multiple UNK of both ankles . END
he was in baptist memorial hospital . END
the UNK chief said he had just gotten into his 1958 model automobile to move it from the driveway of his home so that he could take his other car to work . END
`` i'd just turned on the ignition when there was a big flash and i was lying on the driveway '' , he said . END
UNK wife and two of his sons , john , 17 , and jim , 13 , were inside the house . END
the younger boy said the blast knocked him out of bed and against the wall . END
the explosion sent the hood of the car flying over the roof of the house . END
the left front wheel landed 100 feet away . END
police laboratory technicians said the explosive device , containing either tnt or UNK , was apparently placed under the left front wheel . END
it was first believed the bomb was UNK to the car's UNK . END
UNK had been the target of threatening telephone calls in recent months and reportedly received one last night . END
the fire department here has been torn for months by UNK involving top personnel and the fight between the fire fighters association and the teamsters union . END
UNK has been an outspoken critic of the present city administration and led his UNK battle against the teamsters , which began organizing city firemen in 1959 . END
the fire fighters association here offered a $5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of the person or persons responsible for the bombing . END
a $500 reward was offered by the UNK local in kansas city , UNK . END
the association said it would post 24 hour guards at UNK home and at those of james mining and eugene UNK . END
mining is UNK of the local and UNK is a member of its executive committee . END
both have been active in the association . END
UNK , turkey , oct. 24 ( ap ) END
-- turkish political leaders bowed today to military pressure and agreed to form an emergency national front government with gen. UNK UNK as president . END
an agreement between the leaders of four parties which UNK UNK elections on oct. 15 was reached after almost 18 hours of political bargaining under the threat of an army coup UNK . END
UNK the military UNK which has ruled turkey since the overthrow of premier UNK UNK 17 months ago , the army general staff , led by gen. UNK UNK , had set a deadline for the parties to join in a national coalition government . END
the army leaders threatened to form a new military government if the parties failed to sign an eight point UNK agreeing on gen. UNK as president . END
gen. UNK has headed the military UNK the last 17 months . END
the military also had demanded UNK that there would be no changes in the laws passed by the UNK and no leaders of the UNK regime now in prison would be UNK . END
party leaders came out of the final meeting apparently satisfied and stated that complete agreement had been reached on a solution to the crisis created by the elections which left no party with enough strength to form a government on its own . END
vincent g. UNK has been appointed temporary assistant district attorney , it was announced monday by charles e. raymond , district attorney . END
UNK will replace UNK d. UNK who has been called to active military service but is expected back on the job by march 31 . END
UNK , 29 , has been practicing in portland since november , 1959 . END
he is a graduate of portland university and the northwestern college of law . END
he is married and the father of three children . END
helping foreign countries to build a sound political structure is more important than aiding them economically , e. m. martin , assistant secretary of state for economic affairs told members of the world affairs council monday night . END
martin , who has been in office in washington , d. c. , for 13 months spoke at the council's annual meeting at the multnomah hotel . END
he told some 350 persons that the united states' challenge was to help countries build their own societies their own ways , following their own paths . END
`` we must persuade them to enjoy a way of life which , if not identical , is congenial with ours '' , he said but adding that if they do not develop the kind of society they themselves want it will lack UNK and loyalty . END
insuring that the countries have a freedom of choice , he said , was the biggest UNK to the soviet union . END
he cited east germany where after 15 years of soviet rule it has become necessary to build a wall to keep the people in , and added , `` so long as people rebel , we must not give up '' . END
martin called for patience on the part of americans . END
`` the countries are trying to build in a decade the kind of society we took a century to build '' , he said . END
by leaving our doors open the united states gives other peoples the opportunity to see us and to compare , he said . END
`` we have no reason to fear failure , but we must be UNK patient '' , the assistant secretary said . END
economically , martin said , the united states could best help foreign countries by helping them help themselves . END
private business is more effective than government aid , he explained , because individuals are able to work with the people themselves . END
the united states must plan to absorb the UNK goods of the country , at what he termed a `` social cost '' . END
martin said the government has been working to establish firmer prices on primary products which may involve the total income of one country . END
the portland school board was asked monday to take a positive stand towards developing and coordinating with UNK civil defense more plans for the city's schools in event of attack . END
but there seemed to be some difference of opinion as to how far the board should go , and whose advice it should follow . END
the board members , after hearing the coordination plea from mrs. ralph h. UNK , UNK UNK UNK dr. , said they thought they had already been cooperating . END
chairman c. richard UNK pointed out that perhaps this was not strictly a school board problem , in case of atomic attack , but that the board would cooperate so far as possible to get the children to where the parents wanted them to go . END
dr. melvin w. barnes , superintendent , said he thought the schools were waiting for some leadership , perhaps on the national level , to make sure that whatever steps of planning they took would `` be more fruitful '' , and that he had found that other school districts were not as far along in their planning as this district . END
`` los angeles has said they would send the children to their homes in case of disaster '' , he said . END
`` nobody really expects to UNK . END
i think everybody is agreed that we need to hear some voice on the national level that would make some sense and in which we would have some confidence in following . END
mrs. UNK , who kept UNK her request that they `` please take a stand '' , said , `` we must have faith in somebody -- on the local level , and it wouldn't be possible for everyone to rush to a school to get their children '' . END
dr. barnes said that there seemed to be feeling that evacuation plans , even for a high school where there were lots of cars `` might not be realistic and would not work '' . END
mrs. UNK asked again that the board join in taking a stand in keeping with jack UNK program . END
the board said it thought it had gone as far as instructed so far and asked for more information to be brought at the next meeting . END
it was generally agreed that the subject was important and the board should be informed on what was done , is going to be done and what it thought should be done . END
-- the statewide meeting of war mothers tuesday in salem will hear a greeting from gov. mark UNK . END
UNK also is scheduled to hold a public united nations day reception in the state capitol on tuesday . END
his schedule calls for a noon speech monday in eugene at the UNK empire UNK club . END
he will speak to UNK university young republicans thursday night in salem . END
on friday he will go to portland for the UNK in of dean UNK as multnomah county circuit judge . END
he will attend a meeting of the republican state central committee saturday in portland and see the UNK football game . END
beaverton school district no. 48 board members examined UNK and specifications for two proposed junior high schools at a monday night workshop session . END
a bond issue which would have provided some UNK million for construction of the two UNK schools was defeated by district voters in january . END
last week the board , by a 4 to 3 vote , decided to ask voters whether they prefer the UNK ( junior high school ) system or the UNK system . END
board members indicated monday night this would be done by an advisory poll to be taken on nov. 15 , the same date as a UNK bond election for the construction of three new elementary schools . END
secretary of labor arthur goldberg will speak sunday night at the UNK temple at a UNK dinner honoring sen. wayne l. morse , aj . END
the dinner is sponsored by organized labor and is scheduled for 7 p.m. . END
secretary goldberg and sen. morse will hold a joint press conference at the roosevelt hotel at UNK p.m. sunday , UNK whipple , executive secretary of the democratic party of oregon , reported tuesday . END
other speakers for the fund-raising dinner include UNK edith green and al UNK , labor commissioner norman UNK and mayor terry UNK , all democrats . END
oak grove ( special ) END
-- three positions on the oak lodge water district board of directors have attracted 11 candidates . END
the election will be dec. 4 from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. . END
polls will be in the water office . END
incumbent richard salter seeks UNK and is opposed by donald UNK for the five-year term . END
incumbent william UNK is opposed in his UNK bid by barbara UNK , miles c. UNK and frank lee . END
five candidates seek the place vacated by secretary hugh g. UNK . END
seeking this two-year term are james UNK , dwight m. UNK , james c. UNK , UNK UNK and theodore w. UNK . END
a stronger stand on their beliefs and a firmer grasp on their future were taken friday by delegates to the 29th general council of the assemblies of god , in session at the memorial UNK . END
the council revised , in an effort to strengthen , the UNK 16 basic beliefs adopted in 1966 . END
the changes , unanimously adopted , were felt necessary in the face of modern trends away from the bible . END
the council agreed it should more firmly state its belief in and dependence on the bible . END
at the adoption , the rev. t. f. UNK , general superintendent , commented , `` the assemblies of god has been a bulwark for UNK in these modern days and has , without compromise , stood for the great truths of the bible for which men in the past have been willing to give their lives '' . END
many changes involved minor editing and clarification ; ; END
however , the first belief stood for entire revision with a new third point added to the list . END
the first of 16 beliefs of the denomination , now reads : END
`` the scriptures , both old and new testament , are verbally inspired of god and are the revelation of god to man , the UNK , authoritative rule of faith and conduct '' . END
the third belief , in six points , UNK the UNK of the lord jesus christ , and : END
-- UNK the virgin birth END
-- the UNK life of christ END
-- his UNK work on the cross END
-- his bodily UNK from the dead END
-- and his UNK to the right hand of god . END
friday afternoon the rev. t. f. UNK was UNK for his second consecutive two-year term as general superintendent of assemblies of god . END
his offices are in UNK , mo. . END
election came on the UNK ballot . END
friday night the delegates heard the need for their forthcoming program , `` breakthrough '' scheduled to fill the churches for the next two years . END
in his opening address wednesday the rev. mr. UNK , urged the delegates to consider a 10-year expansion program , with `` breakthrough '' the theme for the first two years . END
the rev. r. l. brandt , national secretary of the home missions department , stressed the need for the first two years' work . END
`` surveys show that one out of three americans has vital contact with the church . END
this means that more than 100 million have no vital touch with the church or religious life '' , he told delegates friday . END
talking of the rapid population growth ( upwards of UNK babies born daily ) with an immigrant entering the united states every 1-1/2 minutes , he said `` our organization has not been keeping pace with this challenge '' . END
`` in 35 years we have opened UNK churches '' , the rev. mr. brandt said , adding that the denomination had a national goal of one church for every 10,000 persons . END
`` in this light we need 1,000 churches in illinois , where we have 200 ; ; END
800 in southern new england , we have 60 ; ; END
we need 100 in rhode island , we have none '' , he said . END
to step up the UNK program , the rev. mr. brandt suggested the vision of 8,000 new assemblies of god churches in the next 10 years . END
to accomplish this would necessitate some changes in methods , he said . END
' church meets change ' END
`` the church's ability to change her methods is going to determine her ability to meet the challenge of this hour '' . END
a capsule view of proposed plans includes : END
-- encouraging by every means , all existing assemblies of god churches to start new churches . END
-- engaging mature , experienced men to pioneer or open new churches in strategic population centers . END
-- surrounding pioneer pastors with vocational volunteers ( laymen , who will be urged to move into the area of new churches in the interest of lending their support to the new project ) . END
-- arranging for UNK graduates to spend from UNK months as UNK in UNK churches . END
u.s. UNK judge charles l. powell denied all motions made by defense attorneys monday in UNK insurance fraud trial . END
denials were of motions of dismissal , continuance , UNK , separate trial , UNK , striking of testimony and directed verdict . END
in denying motions for dismissal , judge powell stated that mass trials have been upheld as proper in other courts and that `` a person may join a conspiracy without knowing who all of the conspirators are '' . END
attorney dwight l. UNK , in behalf of defendant philip UNK , argued there is no evidence linking UNK to the conspiracy , but judge powell declared this is a matter for the jury to decide . END
UNK also declared there is no proof of UNK entering a conspiracy to use the u.s. mails to UNK , to which federal prosecutor a. lawrence UNK replied : END
`` it is not necessary that a defendant actually have UNK to use the u.s. mails to UNK as long as there is evidence of a conspiracy , and the mails were then used to carry it out '' . END
in the afternoon , defense attorneys began the presentation of their cases with opening statements , some of which had been UNK until after the government had called witnesses and presented its case . END
miami , fla. , march 17 END
-- the orioles tonight retained the distinction of being the only UNK team among the eighteen major-league clubs as they dropped their sixth straight spring exhibition decision , this one to the kansas city athletics by a score of 5 to 3 . END
indications as late as the top of the sixth were that the birds were to end their victory UNK as they UNK along with a UNK advantage . END
over the first five frames , jack fisher , the big UNK who figures to be in the middle of oriole plans for a drive on the 1961 american league pennant , held the a's UNK while yielding three scattered hits . END
then dick hyde , UNK UNK , entered the contest and only five UNK needed to face him before there existed a UNK deadlock . END
a UNK homer by norm UNK and a solo blast by bill tuttle tied the game , and single runs in the eighth and ninth gave the athletics their fifth victory in eight starts . END
with one down in the eighth , UNK throneberry drew a walk and stole second as hyde fanned tuttle . END
catcher frank UNK throw in an effort to UNK throneberry was wide and in the dirt . END
then heywood sullivan , kansas city catcher , singled up the middle and throneberry was across with what proved to be the winning run . END
rookie southpaw george UNK relieved hyde at the start of the ninth and gave up the a's fifth tally on a walk to second baseman dick UNK , a wild pitch , and frank UNK single under shortstop jerry UNK glove into center . END
the orioles once again performed at the plate in UNK fashion , gathering only seven blows off the UNK of three kansas city pitchers . END
three were doubles , brooks robinson getting a pair and UNK breeding one . END
bill UNK , bob hartman and ed UNK did the mound chores for the club down from west palm beach to play the game before UNK paying customers in miami stadium . END
the birds got five hits and all three of their runs off UNK before hartman took over in the top of the fourth . END
hartman , purchased by the a's from the milwaukee UNK last fall , allowed no hits in his UNK UNK appearance , and merited the triumph . END
UNK , a UNK UNK , gave up the UNK last two UNK over the final three frames , escaping a load of trouble in the ninth when the birds threatened but failed to tally . END
in the ninth , robinson led off with his second double of the night , a blast off the fence UNK feet deep into left . END
whitey UNK , performing in right as the orioles UNK possibly their strongest team of the spring , worked UNK for a base on balls . END
then three consecutive UNK failed to produce . END
pete ward was sent in for house and , after failing in a UNK attempt , popped to UNK on the grass back of short . END
john powell , batting for UNK , fanned after UNK off two UNK pitches , and buddy barker , up for UNK , bounced out sharply to jerry UNK at second to end the UNK contest . END
the orioles got a run in the first inning when breeding , along with robinson , the two birds who got a pair of hits , doubled to right center , moved to third on russ UNK single to right and crossed on UNK wild pitch into the dirt in front of the plate . END
the flock added a pair of UNK in the third on three straight hits after two were out . END
jackie brandt singled deep into the hole at short to start the rally . END
jim gentile bounced a hard shot off UNK glove and beat it out for a single , and when UNK grabbed the ball and threw it over first baseman UNK head brandt took third and gentile second on the error . END
then robinson slammed a long double to left center to score both runners . END
when robinson tried to stretch his blow into a triple , he was cut down in a close play at third , tuttle to andy carey . END
the detailed UNK on the kansas city scoring in the sixth went like this : END
UNK worked a walk as the first UNK to face hyde and UNK around as UNK blasted UNK next toss UNK feet over the scoreboard in right center . END
carey singled on a UNK ball to short which robinson cut across to field and threw wide to first . END
it was ruled a difficult chance and a hit . END
then throneberry rapped into a fast double play . END
breeding to UNK to gentile , setting up UNK UNK homer over the wall in left center . END
if the orioles are to break their losing streak within the next two days , it will have to be at the expense of the american league champion new york yankees , who come in here tomorrow for a night game and a single test sunday afternoon . END
miami , fla. , march 17 END
-- the flavor of UNK florida UNK league news UNK considerably late today when the orioles were advised that ron hansen has fulfilled his obligations under the army's military training program and is ready for UNK spring training . END
hansen , who slugged the 1960 oriole high of 22 UNK and drove in 86 runs on a END
freshman average , completes the UNK spring squad at UNK players . END
the big , UNK shortstop , the 1960 american league `` UNK '' , flew here late this afternoon from baltimore , signed his contract for an estimated UNK and was a spectator at UNK UNK loss to kansas city -- the UNK UNK sixth UNK in a row . END
the UNK UNK hansen checked in close to 200 pounds , 15 pounds lighter than his reporting weight last spring . END
he hopes to melt off an additional eight pounds before the flock breaks camp three weeks hence . END
when he was UNK into the army at fort knox , UNK , UNK weight had dropped to 180 -- `` too light for me to be at my best '' he said . END
`` i feel good physically '' , hansen added , `` but i think i'll move better carrying a little less weight than i'm carrying now '' . END
seeks `` improved UNK '' END
the UNK , albany ( UNK ) native , a surprise UNK sensation for the flock last year as well as a defensive UNK , set `` improved UNK '' as his 1961 goal . END
`` i think i can do a better job with the glove , now that i know the hitters around the league a little better '' , he said . END
hansen will engage in his first workout at miami stadium prior to the opening tomorrow night of a UNK weekend series with the new york yankees . END
skinny brown and hoyt wilhelm , the UNK veteran UNK specialists , are UNK to oppose the american league champions in UNK 8 p.m. contest . END
UNK , sheldon on hill END
UNK UNK and roland sheldon , a rookie UNK who posted a UNK record last year for the UNK UNK ( n.y. ) farm club of the UNK new UNK league , are the probable rival pitchers . END
UNK UNK UNK and jerry walker , 22 , are scheduled to share the oriole mound chores against the UNK art UNK in sunday's 2 p.m. encounter . END
ralph UNK , successor to casey stengel at the yankee helm , plans to bring the entire new york squad here from st. petersburg , including joe dimaggio and large crowds are anticipated for both weekend games . END
the famed yankee UNK , now retired , has been assisting as a batting coach . END
pitcher UNK barber joined the club one week ago after completing his hitch under the army's accelerated UNK military course , also at fort knox , UNK . END
the UNK southpaw enlisted earlier last fall than did hansen . END
UNK bulky UNK UNK now gradually will be reduced as manager paul richards and his coaches seek to trim it down to a more streamlined and workable unit . END
`` take a ride on this one '' , brooks robinson greeted hansen as the bird third UNK grabbed a bat , headed for the plate and bounced a UNK UNK double off the UNK wall tonight . END
it was the first of two doubles by robinson , who was in a mood to celebrate . END
just before game time , UNK pretty wife , UNK informed him that an addition to the family can be expected late next summer . END
unfortunately , UNK UNK were not in such UNK mood as the orioles expired before the UNK pitching of three kansas city rookie UNK . END
hansen arrived just before nightfall , two hours late , in company with lee UNK ; ; END
j. a. w. UNK , chairman of the oriole board of directors , and public relations director jack dunn . END
their flight was delayed , dunn said , when a boarding ramp inflicted some minor damage to the wing of the plane . END
UNK clint UNK , now catching for the a's is all for the american league's 1961 expansion to the west coast . END
`` but they UNK brought in tokyo , too '' , added old UNK . END
`` then we'd really have someplace to go '' . END
UNK , md. , march 17 END
-- gaining her second straight victory , norman b. , small , UNK garden fresh , a UNK filly , downed promising colts in the UNK st. UNK day purse , featured seventh race here today , and paid UNK straight . END
UNK with her field in the early stages , garden fresh was asked for top speed only in the stretch by jockey philip UNK and won by a length and a half in UNK UNK for the 7 UNK . END
richard m. UNK UNK , which had what seemed to be a substantial lead in the early stages , tired rapidly nearing the wire and was able to save place money only a head in front of glen t. UNK UNK miss . END
a bright sun and brisk wind had the track in a fast condition for the first time this week and UNK st. UNK day UNK bet UNK on the UNK program . END
prior to the featured race , the UNK announced that apprentice james p. UNK is suspended ten days for crowding horses and crossing the field sharply in two races on wednesday . END
garden fresh , the result of a mating of better self and rosy UNK , seems to improve with each start and appeared to win the st. UNK day purse with some speed in reserve . END
she was moving up to the allowance department after winning a $10,000 claiming event . END
cleveland , march 17 ( ap ) END
-- george kerr , the UNK UNK , set a meet record in the UNK run in the knights of columbus track meet tonight , beating UNK dave mills in a hot duel in UNK . END
kerr , who set the world record earlier this month in new york with a UNK of UNK , wiped out UNK early pace and beat the young big 10 UNK king by 5 yards . END
both were under the meet mark of UNK set in 1950 by UNK UNK . END
mills shot out in front and kept the lead through two thirds of the race . END
then kerr , a graduate student from illinois , moved past him on a UNK and held off UNK challenge on the final turn . END
mills was timed in UNK . END
the crowd at the UNK annual k. of c. games , final indoor meet of the season , got a thrill a few minutes earlier when a slender , UNK woman broke the UNK world record in the half-mile run . END
mrs. grace butcher , of nearby UNK , a UNK housewife who has two children , finished in UNK . END
she snapped five UNK of a second off the mark set by helen UNK , of UNK college , in the national UNK meet in columbus , ohio . END
san francisco , march 17 ( ap ) END
-- bobby waters of UNK , ga. , relief quarterback for the san francisco UNK of the national football league , will undergo a knee operation tomorrow at franklin hospital here . END
waters injured his left knee in the last game of the 1960 season . END
while working out in UNK a swelling developed in the knee and he came here to consult the team physician . END
st. petersburg , fla. , march 17 ( ap ) END
-- two errors by new york yankee shortstop tony UNK in the eleventh inning donated four UNK runs and a UNK victory to the chicago white sox today . END
-- a texas halfback who doesn't even know the UNK plays , UNK moritz , ranks fourth in southwest conference scoring after three games . END
time stands still every time moritz , a UNK army signal corps veteran , goes into the field . END
although he never gets to play while the clock is running , he gets a big kick -- several every saturday , in fact -- out of football . END
moritz doesn't even have a nose guard or hip pads but he's one of the most valuable members of the longhorn team that will be heavily favored saturday over oklahoma in the cotton bowl . END
that's because he already has kicked 14 extra points in 15 tries . END
he ran his string of successful conversions this season to 13 straight before one went UNK last saturday night in the UNK slaughter of washington state . END
moritz is listed on the longhorn UNK as a right halfback , the position at which he UNK on the 1956 team . END
but ask coach UNK royal what position he plays and you'll get the quick response , `` UNK '' . END
a UNK , UNK UNK senior from stamford , moritz practices nothing but UNK . END
last year , when he worked out at halfback all season , he didn't get into a single game . END
`` this year , coach royal told me if i'd work on my UNK he thought he could use me '' , said moritz . END
`` so i started practicing on it in spring training . END
moritz was bothered during the first two games this year by a pulled muscle in the thigh of his right ( kicking ) leg and , as a result , several of his successful conversions have gone barely far enough . END
moritz said monday his leg feels fine and , as a result , he hopes to start practicing field goals this week . END
he kicked several while playing at stamford high school , including one that beat UNK , UNK , in a 1953 district game . END
`` i kicked about 110 extra points in UNK tries during three years in high school '' , he said , `` and made 26 in a row at one time . END
i never did miss one in a UNK game -- i kicked about 20 in the five UNK games my last two years '' . END
moritz came to texas in 1954 but his freshman football efforts were UNK by a knee injury . END
he missed the 1955 season because of an operation on the UNK knee , then played 77 minutes in 1956 . END
his statistical record that year , when texas won only one game and lost nine , was far from impressive : he carried the ball three times for a net gain of 10 yards , UNK once for 39 yards and caught one pass for 13 yards . END
he went into the army in march , 1957 , and returned two years later . END
but he was UNK UNK in 1959 and merely present last season . END
place kicking is largely a matter of timing , moritz declared . END
`` once you get the feel of it , there's not much to it . END
i've tried to teach some of the other boys to kick and some of them can't seem to get the feel . END
practice helps you to get your timing down . END
`` it's kind of like golf -- if you don't swing a club very often , your timing gets off '' . END
moritz , however , UNK only about 10 or 12 extra points during each practice session . END
`` if you kick too much , your leg gets kinda dead '' , he explained . END
in their first three games , the longhorns have had the ball 41 times and scored 16 times , or 40 per cent ; ; END
their total passing UNK in three games , UNK on 30 completions in 56 attempts , is only 22 yards short of their total passing UNK in 1959 , when they made UNK on 37 completions in 86 tries . END
UNK james UNK already has UNK his rushing total for his brilliant sophomore season , when he UNK UNK yards on 55 carries ; ; END
he now has UNK yards in 22 tries during three games . END
UNK has made only one UNK appearance this season and that was in the washington state game , for four plays : he returned the UNK 30 yards , gained five yards through the line and then UNK a UNK touchdown run before retiring to the bench . END
UNK jack collins injured a knee in the washington state game but insists he'll be ready for oklahoma . END
last week , when royal was informed that three longhorns were among the UNK top four in rushing , he said : `` that won't last long '' . END
monday , he had four longhorns in the top four . END
a good feeling prevailed on the smu coaching staff monday , but attention quickly turned from UNK victory to next week's problem : rice university . END
the UNK don't play this week . END
`` we're just real happy for the players '' , coach bill meek said of the UNK victory over the air force academy . END
`` i think the big thing about the game was that our kids for the third straight week stayed in there pitching and kept the pressure on . END
it was the first time we've been ahead this season ( when john UNK kicked what proved to be the winning field goal ) '' . END
assistant coach john UNK described victory as `` a good feeling , i think , on the part of the coaches and the players . END
we needed it and we got it '' . END
meek expressed particular gratification at the defensive performances of end happy nelson and halfback billy gannon . END
both turned in top jobs for the second straight game . END
`` nelson played magnificent football '' , meek praised . END
`` he knocked down the interference and made key stops lots of times . END
and he caused the UNK that set up our touchdown . END
he broke that boy ( air force UNK nick UNK ) in two and knocked him loose from the football '' . END
gannon contributed saving plays on the UNK aerial thrusts in the late stages . END
one was on a UNK screen pass from the UNK 21 after an incomplete pass into UNK territory . END
`` as soon as it started to form , gannon spotted it '' , meek said . END
`` he timed it just right and broke through there before the boy ( halfback terry UNK ) had time to turn around . END
he really UNK him he nailed it for a yard loss '' . END
the air UNK , and the game's , final play , was a long pass by quarterback bob UNK which gannon UNK on his own UNK and returned 22 yards . END
`` he just lay back there and waited for it '' , meek said . END
`` he almost brought it back all the way '' . END
except for sophomore center mike kelsey and UNK mike rice , meek expects the squad to be physically sound for rice . END
`` kelsey is very doubtful for the rice game '' , meek said . END
`` he'll be out of action all this week . END
he got hit from the blind side by the split end coming back on the second play of the game . END
there is definitely some UNK damage in his knee '' . END
rice has not played since UNK a knee in the opener with maryland . END
`` he's looking a lot better , and he's able to run '' , meek explained . END
`` we'll let him do a lot of running this week , but i don't know if he'll be able to play '' . END
the game players saw the air force film monday , ran for 30 minutes , then went in , while the reserves UNK for 45 minutes . END
`` we'll work hard tuesday , wednesday and thursday '' , meek said , `` and probably will have a good UNK friday . END
we'll work out about an hour on saturday , then we'll work monday and tuesday of next week , then UNK off '' . END
smu will play the UNK at rice stadium in houston in a night game saturday , oct. 21 . END
-- held out of texas UNK UNK drill monday at UNK was tackle richard UNK , who is undergoing treatment for a leg injury suffered in the UNK UNK loss to texas a & m because of its important game with arkansas coming up saturday , UNK worked out in the rain monday -- mud or no mud . END
end gene UNK , who broke a hand in the UNK game with UNK , was back working out with rice monday , and john UNK , sophomore guard , moved back into action after a week's UNK with an ankle injury . END
the texas UNK got a day off monday -- a special gift from coach jim UNK for its conference victory last saturday night , but UNK announced that halfback george UNK , shaken up in the tech game , would not play against trinity saturday . END
halfback bud UNK , slowed for almost a month by a UNK UNK ankle , joined UNK workout monday . END
the dallas texans were back home monday with their third victory in four american football league starts -- a UNK triumph over the denver UNK -- but their visit will be a short one . END
the texans have two more road games -- at buffalo and houston -- before they play for the home folks again , and it looks as if coach hank UNK men will meet the bills just as they are developing into the kind of team they were expected to be in UNK UNK . END
buffalo coach UNK ramsey , who has become one of the game's greatest collectors of UNK , apparently now has found a productive pair in two UNK football UNK , m. c. reynolds and warren UNK . END
UNK , the former louisiana state field general , came off the bench for his debut with the bills sunday and directed his new team to a UNK upset victory over the houston UNK , defending league champions . END
`` just our luck '' ! ! END
`` UNK would solve that quarterback problem just as we head that way '' . END
ramsey has a thing or two to UNK about himself , for the dallas defensive unit turned in another splendid effort against denver , and the texans were able to whip the dangerous UNK without the UNK of a top star , jack UNK , though he did the UNK UNK while nursing a knee injury . END
`` our interior line and out UNK played exceptionally well '' , said UNK monday after he and his staff reviewed movies of the game . END
`` in fact our whole defensive unit did a good job '' . END
the texans won the game through ball control , with quarterback cotton UNK throwing only 17 passes . END
`` we always like to keep the ball as much as we can against denver because they have such an explosive attack '' , explained UNK . END
`` they can be going along , doing little damage , then bang , bang -- they can hit a couple of passes on you for UNK and put you in trouble '' . END
the UNK did hit two quick strikes in the final period against the texans , but dallas had enough of a lead to hold them off . END
the principal tactic in controlling the ball was giving it to UNK UNK , the UNK halfback . END
he was called upon 26 times -- more than all of the other UNK combined -- and delivered UNK yards . END
the texans made themselves a comforting break on the opening UNK when UNK al UNK was UNK loose from the ball when dave UNK , the speedy halfback , hit him and guard al reynolds claimed it for dallas . END
a quick touchdown resulted . END
`` that permitted us to start controlling the ball right away '' , said UNK , UNK , `` i think i'll put that play in the book '' . END
the early southwest conference football leaders -- texas , arkansas and texas a & m -- made a big UNK in the statistics last week . END
UNK UNK spree against washington state gave the longhorns a UNK total offense of UNK yards ( UNK rushing and UNK passing ) a new UNK high . END
arkansas combined 280 yards rushing with UNK yards passing ( on 5 completions in 7 UNK ) and a tough defense to whip UNK , and a & m , with a UNK bulge against texas tech ran up its biggest total loop play since 1950 . END
completing 12 of 15 passes for UNK yards , the UNK had a total offense of UNK yards . END
texas leads in UNK rushing averages , UNK yards , and passing UNK ( to UNK UNK ) , but idle UNK has the best defensive record ( UNK yards per game to UNK UNK ) . END
a & m has the best defense against passes , UNK yards per game . END
not satisfied with various unofficial checks on the UNK of UNK currently in use , the major leagues have ordered their own tests , which are in progress at massachusetts institute of technology . END
rookie ron UNK continued his pinpoint pitching monday night as the bears made it two straight over indianapolis , UNK . END
the UNK UNK , UNK UNK , was in command all the way before an UNK audience of only UNK and countless of television UNK in the denver area . END
it was UNK third straight victory of the new season and ran the UNK winning streak to four straight . END
they now lead louisville by a full game on top of the american association pack . END
UNK fanned six and walked only charley UNK in the third inning . END
he has given only the one pass in his 27 innings , an unusual characteristic for a southpaw . END
the bears took the lead in the first inning , as they did in sunday's opener , and never UNK . END
dick mcauliffe cracked the first of his two doubles against UNK don UNK to open the UNK attack . END
after al UNK UNK out , jay UNK walked and jim UNK singled home mcauliffe . END
UNK then moved UNK across with a line drive to left . END
jay porter drew a base on balls to fill the bases but don UNK smash was knocked down by UNK for the UNK . END
the bears added two more in the fifth when mcauliffe dropped a double into the UNK corner , UNK doubled down the UNK line and UNK singled off phil UNK glove . END
UNK was working on a UNK when the indians bunched three of their eight hits for two runs in the sixth . END
chuck UNK tripled to the UNK corner , cliff cook and dan UNK singled and UNK infield UNK accounted for the UNK . END
the bears added their last run in the sixth on UNK double and UNK flies by porter and UNK . END
UNK UNK the ball over the left fence for the third indianapolis run in the ninth . END
despite the UNK weather the game was clicked off in UNK , thanks to only three bases on balls and some good infield play . END
UNK UNK made a spectacular play on UNK UNK in the hole in the fourth and UNK came up with some good stops and showed a strong arm at third base . END
cliff cook accounted for three of the UNK eight hits . END
it was the UNK first night game and an obvious UNK of the lights are in order . END
the infield was well flooded but the expanded UNK was much too dark . END
mary UNK tuttle was back at the organ . END
among the spectators was the noted exotic dancer , UNK UNK who is mrs. don UNK when off the stage . END
UNK UNK carey , another denver rookie , will be on the mound against veteran john UNK at 8 o'clock tuesday night . END
ed UNK is still bothered by a side injury and will miss his starting turn . END
dallas , tex. , may 1 -- ( ap ) END
-- UNK lane of UNK , mich. , world's seventh ranked lightweight , had little trouble in taking a unanimous decision over rip UNK of UNK , tex. , here monday night . END
st. UNK , may 1 -- ( ap ) END
-- billy gardner's line double , which just UNK the diving UNK UNK in left field , drove in jim lemon with the winning run with two out in the last of the ninth to give the minnesota twins a UNK victory over the chicago white sox monday . END
lemon was on with his fourth single of the game , a liner to center . END
he came all the way around on gardner's hit before UNK fans . END
it was gardner's second run UNK in of the game and his only ones of the year . END
turk UNK was tagged with the loss , his second against no victories , while ray moore won his second game against a single loss . END
the twins tied the score in the sixth inning when reno UNK beat out a high UNK to third base and scored on UNK UNK double to left . END
the white sox had taken a UNK lead in the top of the sixth on a pair of pop fly hits -- a triple by roy UNK and single by UNK UNK -- a walk and a sacrifice fly . END
jim UNK UNK home run over left in the first inning gave the sox a UNK lead , but UNK UNK came back in the bottom of the first with his second homer in two days with the walking bob UNK aboard . END
al smith's UNK over left in the fourth -- his fourth homer of the campaign -- tied the score and UNK first major league home run in the fifth put the sox back in front . END
a double by green , UNK UNK UNK , an infield single by lemon and gardner's solid single to center put the twins back in front in the last of the fifth . END
UNK , utah , may 1 -- ( ap ) END
-- boston red sox outfielder jackie jensen said monday night he was through playing baseball . END
`` i've had it '' , he told a UNK . END
`` i know when my reflexes are gone and i'm not going to be any UNK man on the ball club '' . END
this was the first word from jensen on his sudden UNK . END
jensen got only six hits in 46 UNK for a batting average in the first 12 games . END
he took a midnight train out of cleveland saturday , without an official word to anybody , and has stayed away from newsmen on his train trip across the nation to reno , UNK , where his wife , former olympic diving champion UNK ann UNK , awaited . END
she said , when she learned jackie was heading home : `` i'm just speculating , but i have to think jack feels he's UNK UNK chances '' . END
the union pacific railroad UNK , city of san francisco , stopped in UNK , utah , for a few minutes . END
sports writer ensign ritchie of the UNK standard examiner went to his compartment to talk with him . END
the conductor said to ritchie : `` i don't think you want to talk to him . END
you'll probably get a ball bat on the head . END
he's mad at the world '' . END
but jackie had gone into the station . END
ritchie walked up to him at the magazine stand . END
`` i told him who i was and he was quite cold . END
but he warmed up after a while . END
i told him what liston had said and he said liston was a UNK and said anything he ( liston ) got was through a UNK . END
he said he had never talked to liston '' . END
liston is bill liston , baseball writer for the boston traveler , who quoted jensen as saying : END
`` i can't hit anymore . END
suddenly my reflexes are gone . END
just when it seems baseball might be losing its grip on the masses up pops UNK to start millions of tongues to UNK . END
and so it was over the weekend what with UNK warren spahn pitching his UNK masterpiece against the giants and the UNK willie mays UNK with a UNK UNK spree sunday . END
both , of course , were remarkable UNK and further UNK the fact that baseball UNK is the national pastime . END
of the two cherished achievements the elderly UNK UNK pitching probably reached the most hearts . END
it was a real UNK to a lot of guys i know who have moved past the UNK milestone . END
and one of the milwaukee rookies sighed and remarked , `` wish i was 40 , and a UNK big UNK . END
the modest and happy spahn waved off his new UNK as one of those good days . END
but there surely can be no doubt about the slender southpaw belonging with the UNK great UNK in the game's history . END
yes , with bob grove , carl UNK , herb UNK , art UNK , vernon UNK , et al . END
spahn not only is a superior pitcher but a UNK fine fellow , a ball player's ball player , as they say in the trade . END
i remember his UNK performance in a meaningless exhibition game at bears stadium oct. 14 , 1951 , before a new record crowd for the period of UNK . END
`` UNK doesn't know how to merely go through the motions '' , remarked UNK slaughter , another all-out guy , who played UNK that day and popped one over the clubhouse . END
the spectacular mays , who reaches a decade in the big leagues come may 25 , joined six other UNK who UNK four home runs in a span of nine innings . END
incidentally , only two did it before a home audience . END
bobby UNK of boston was the first to hit four at home and UNK hodges turned the trick in UNK UNK field . END
ed UNK and chuck UNK of the UNK , the UNK joe UNK , lou gehrig of the yankees , pat UNK of the white sox and rocky UNK , then with cleveland , made their history on the road . END
willie's big day revived the running argument about the relative merits of mays and mickey mantle . END
this is an issue which UNK down to a matter of opinion , depending on whether you're an american or national fan and UNK or UNK . END
the record books , however , would favor the UNK ace . END
in four of his nine previous seasons mays hit as many as 25 home runs and stole as many as 25 bases . END
once the figure was UNK . END
willie's lifetime batting average of is 11 points beyond UNK . END
the giants who had been UNK with the bat in their UNK UNK park suddenly found the formula in UNK park . END
it will forever be a baseball mystery how a team will suddenly start hitting after a distressing slump . END
the UNK tv audience was privileged to see UNK four home runs , thanks to a new arrangement made by bob UNK that the games are not to be UNK out when his bears are playing at home . END
this rule providing for a blackout of televised baseball 30 minutes before the start of a major or minor league game in any area comes from the game's top rulers . END
the last couple of years the bears management got the business from the `` living room athletic club '' when games were cut off . END
actually they were helpless to do anything about the nationwide policy . END
this year , i am told , the UNK network will continue to abide by the rule but nbc will play to a conclusion here . END
there are two more sunday afternoons when the situation will arise . END
it is an irritable rule that does baseball more harm than good , especially at the minor league level . END
you would be surprised how many fans purposely stayed away from bears stadium last year because of the television policy . END
this dissatisfaction led to UNK request that the UNK not be terminated before the end of the game . END
cincinnati , ohio ( ap ) END
-- the powerful new york yankees won their 19th world series in a UNK UNK over UNK cincinnati , crushing the reds in a humiliating UNK barrage monday in the loosely played finale . END
with mickey mantle and UNK UNK both out of action due to injuries , the american league UNK still mounted a UNK attack against a parade of eight cincinnati pitchers , the most ever used by one team in a series game . END
johnny UNK , mantle's replacement , slammed a UNK homer as the yankees UNK UNK UNK jay in a UNK first inning . END
UNK UNK , UNK for UNK , smashed a UNK homer off bill henry during another UNK explosion in the fourth . END
the yanks also took advantage of three cincinnati errors . END
the crowd of UNK had only two chances to applaud . END
in the third frank robinson UNK a long home run deep into the corner of the bleachers in right center , about 400 feet away , with two men on . END
momentarily the reds were back in the ball game , trailing only UNK , but the drive UNK when john UNK UNK out with men on second and third and two out . END
in the fifth , wally post slashed a UNK homer off bud UNK , but by that time the score was UNK and it really didn't matter . END
the yankee triumph made ralph UNK only the third man to lead a team to both a pennant and a world series victory in his first year as a manager . END
only UNK harris , the `` UNK '' of washington in 1924 , and eddie UNK of the st. louis cardinals in 1946 had accomplished the feat . END
-- nick skorich , the line coach for the football champion philadelphia eagles , was elevated today to head coach . END
skorich received a three-year contract at a salary believed to be between $20,000 and $25,000 a year . END
he succeeds buck shaw , who retired at the end of last season . END
the appointment was announced at a news conference at which skorich said he would retain two members of UNK staff -- jerry williams and charlie UNK . END
williams is a defensive coach . END
UNK works with the ends . END
the selection had been expected . END
skorich was considered the logical choice after the club gave norm van UNK permission to seek the head coaching job with the minnesota UNK , the newest national football league entry . END
van UNK , the quarterback who led the eagles to the title , was signed by the UNK last wednesday . END
philadelphia permitted him to seek a better connection after he had refused to reconsider his decision to end his career as a player . END
with skorich at the helm , the eagles are expected to put more emphasis on running , rather than passing . END
in the past the club depended largely on van UNK UNK . END
skorich , however , is a strong advocate of a balanced attack -- split between running and passing . END
skorich , who is 39 years old , played football at cincinnati university and then had a three-year professional career as a UNK under UNK sutherland with the pittsburgh UNK . END
an injury forced skorich to quit after the 1948 season . END
he began his coaching career at pittsburgh central catholic high school in 1949 . END
he remained there for four years before moving to UNK UNK institute in UNK , n. y. . END
he was there one season before UNK the UNK as an assistant coach . END
four years later he resigned to take a similar job with the green bay UNK . END
the eagles signed him for UNK staff in 1959 . END
skorich began his new job UNK today . END
at a ceremony in the reception room of mayor richardson UNK , the eagles were honored for winning the championship . END
shaw and skorich headed a group of players , coaches and team officials who received an UNK copy of an official city citation and a pair of silver UNK shaped like a football . END
with the announcement of a `` special achievement award '' to william a. ( ( bill ) shea , the awards list was completed yesterday for sunday night's UNK annual dinner and show of the new york chapter , baseball writers' association of america , at the UNK hotel . END
shea , the chairman of mayor UNK baseball committee , will be joined on the UNK by warren spahn , the southpaw pitching ace of the milwaukee UNK ; ; END
frank graham , the UNK sports columnist ; ; END
bill UNK , the world series hero of the pittsburgh pirates , and casey stengel , the former manager of the yankees . END
stengel will receive the ben UNK good guy award . END
UNK , whose homer beat the yankees in the final series game , will receive the babe ruth award as the outstanding player in the 1960 world series . END
graham will be recognized for his UNK service to baseball and will get the william j. UNK memorial award . END
to spahn will go the UNK mercer memorial award as the UNK player of the year . END
a crowd of UNK is expected for the ceremonies , which will be followed by the show in which the writers will UNK baseball personalities in UNK , dance and song . END
the UNK shea , a prominent corporation lawyer with a sports background , is generally recognized as the man most responsible for the UNK return of a national league club to new york . END
named by mayor wagner three years ago to head a committee that included james a. UNK , bernard UNK and clint UNK , shea worked relentlessly . END
his goal was to obtain a national league team for this city . END
the departure of the giants and the dodgers to california left new york with only the yankees . END
despite countless barriers and UNK , shea moved forward . END
when he was unable to bring about immediate expansion , he sought to convince another national league club to move here . END
when that failed , he enlisted branch UNK aid in the formation of a third major league , the continental , with new york as the key franchise . END
the continental league never got off the ground , but after two years it forced the existing UNK to expand . END
the new york franchise is headed by mrs. charles UNK UNK . END
a UNK municipal stadium at UNK meadow park is in the works , and once the lease is signed the local club will be formally recognized by commissioner ford c. UNK . END
UNK efforts figure prominently in the new stadium . END
shea and his wife , UNK , make their home at sands point , l. i. . END
bill jr. , 20 , kathy , 15 , and patricia , 9 , round out the shea family . END
shea was born in manhattan . END
he attended new york university before switching to UNK university in washington . END
he played basketball there while working toward a law degree . END
later , shea owned and operated the long island indians , a minor league professional football team . END
he was the lawyer for ted UNK old boston yankees in the national football league . END
all was quiet in the office of the yankees and the local national UNK yesterday . END
on friday , roger maris , the yankee outfielder and winner of the american league's UNK award , will meet with roy UNK , the general manager . END
maris is in line for a big raise . END
arnold palmer and sam UNK will be among those honored at the national awards dinner of the metropolitan golf writers association tonight . END
the dinner will be held at the hotel pierre . END
palmer , UNK leading UNK in 1960 , and UNK will be UNK as the winning team in the canada cup matches last june in UNK . END
UNK UNK , the national amateur champion , and all the metropolitan district champions , including bob UNK , the amateur UNK , also will receive awards . END
the writers' gold tee award will go to john mcauliffe of UNK , n. j. , and palm beach , fla. , for his sponsorship of charity tournaments . END
UNK smith of detroit , a former president of the professional golfers association , will receive the ben hogan trophy for his UNK following a recent illness . END
the principal speaker will be senator stuart UNK , democrat of missouri . END
arnold palmer has been a blazing figure in golf over the past twelve months . END
he won the masters , the united states open and a record UNK in prize money . END
he was UNK as `` sportsman of the year '' by sports illustrated , and last night was acclaimed in UNK as the `` professional athlete of the year '' , a distinction that earned for him the $10,000 UNK UNK belt . END
but he also achieved something that UNK him to every UNK who ever UNK a shot . END
a couple of weeks ago , he scored a monstrous 12 on a UNK hole . END
it made him human . END
and it also stayed the hands of thousands of brooding UNK who were UNK the abandonment of a sport whose frustrations were driving them to despair . END
if such a UNK of perfection as palmer could commit such a scoring UNK , there was hope left for all . END
it was neither a spirit of UNK nor a UNK to encourage the UNK that motivated arnold . END
he merely became UNK by a form of athletics that respects no one and UNK all . END
the world's best UNK , shooting below par , came to the last hole of the opening round of the los angeles open with every intention of delivering a final UNK . END
he UNK a UNK drive . END
then the UNK and the UNK took over while the UNK UNK in the distance . END
on the narrow fairway of a UNK hole , arnold whipped into his second shot . END
the ball went off in a majestic arc , an UNK slice . END
he tried again and once more sliced out of bounds . END
he hooked the next two out of bounds on the opposite side . END
`` it is possible that i UNK '' , he said UNK . END
each of the four UNK shots cost him two strokes . END
so he wound up with a dozen . END
`` it was a nice round figure , that 12 '' , he said as he headed for the clubhouse , not too much UNK . END
from the standpoint of the army of UNK , however , this was easily the most heartening exhibition they had had since ben hogan fell upon evil ways during his UNK and scored an 11 in the texas open . END
the idol of the UNK , of course , is ray UNK , who achieved a 19 in the united states open . END
their secondary hero is another pro , willie UNK , who drank his lunch during another open and tried to blast his way out of a UNK gully . END
willie's partner was long jim barnes , who tried to keep count . END
`` how many is that , jim '' ? ? END
asked willie at one stage of his UNK project . END
`` thirteen '' , said long jim . END
`` UNK , man '' , said willie , `` ye must be countin' the echoes '' . END
he had a 16 . END
palmer's dozen were honestly earned . END
nor were there any rules to save him . END
if there had been , he would have found a UNK , because arnold is one UNK who knows the code as thoroughly as the man who wrote the book . END
this knowledge has come in handy , too . END
his first shot in the open last year landed in a UNK that flowed along the right side of the fairway . END
the ball floated downstream . END
a spectator picked up the ball and handed it to a small boy , who dropped this suddenly hot potato in a very UNK lie . END
arnold sent for joe UNK , the executive secretary of the golf association . END
joe naturally ruled that a ball be dropped from alongside the spot where it had originally entered the stream . END
`` i knew it all along '' , confessed arnold with a grin , `` but i just happened to think how much UNK it would be to drop one way up there '' . END
for a serious young man who plays golf with a serious intensity , palmer has such an inherent sense of humor that it UNK the strain and keeps his nerves from UNK like UNK strings . END
yet he remains the UNK of competitors . END
he'll even bull UNK into the rules when he is sure he's right . END
that's how he first won the masters in 1958 . END
it happened on the twelfth hole , a UNK . END
UNK iron shot from the tee UNK into the UNK guarding the green , an embankment that had become soft and UNK from the rains , thereby bringing local rules into force . END
`` i can remove the ball , can't i '' ? ? END
asked palmer of an official . END
`` no '' , said the official . END
`` you must play it where it lies '' . END
`` you're wrong '' , said arnold , a man who knows the rules . END
`` i'll do as you say , but i'll also play a provisional ball and get a ruling '' . END
he scored a 4 for the embedded ball , a 3 with the provisional one . END
the UNK fathers ruled in his favor . END
so he picked up a stroke with the provisional ball and won the tournament by the margin of that stroke . END
until a few weeks ago , however , arnold palmer was some UNK creature who had nothing in common with the UNK . END
but after that 12 at los angeles he became one of the boys , a bigger hero than he ever had been before . END
a formula to supply players for the new minneapolis UNK and the problem of increasing the 1961 schedule to fourteen games will be discussed by national football league owners at a meeting at the hotel warwick today . END
other items on the agenda during the meetings , which are expected to continue through saturday , concern television , rules changes , professional UNK hall of fame , UNK benefits and constitutional amendments . END
the owners would like each club in the UNK league to play a UNK series with teams in its division , plus two games against teams in the other division . END
however , this would require a UNK of the season from thirteen to fourteen weeks . END
pete UNK , the league commissioner , pointed out : END
`` we'll have the problem of baseball at one end and weather at the other '' . END
nine of the league's teams play in baseball parks and therefore face an UNK conflict in dates . END
if the cardinals heed manager gene UNK of the UNK , they won't be UNK by the UNK slower start this season . END
`` pittsburgh definitely is the team to beat '' , UNK said here the other day . END
`` the pirates showed they could UNK the field last year . END
they have the same men , no age problem , no injuries and they also have vinegar bend UNK for the full season , along with bobby UNK '' . END
tonight at 8 o'clock the cardinals , who gave the pirates as much trouble as anyone did in 1960 , breaking even with them , will get their first 1961 shot at UNK world champions . END
the pirates have a UNK record this year and the UNK are UNK . END
UNK hemus announced a switch in his starting pitcher , from bob gibson to ernie UNK , for several reasons : 1 UNK UNK UNK record and UNK UNK mark against pittsburgh a year ago ; ; END
2 the desire to give UNK as many starts as possible ; ; END
3 the UNK UNK UNK collapse against the UNK sunday . END
manager hemus , eager to end a pitching slump that has brought four losses in the five games on the current home stand , moved gibson to the wednesday night starting assignment . END
after UNK open date , UNK plans to open with larry jackson against the UNK here friday night . END
harvey UNK , set back by the flu this season , will start against his former cardinal mates , who might be playing without captain UNK UNK in UNK game at UNK stadium . END
UNK is suffering from a stiff neck . END
UNK has a UNK record against the UNK , despite only a UNK mark in 1960 . END
pirate manager danny UNK said he hadn't decided between UNK and UNK law for UNK game . END
UNK has won both of his starts . END
UNK kept in UNK . END
after a lengthy workout yesterday , an open date , hemus said that bob UNK definitely would stay in the UNK . END
that means UNK UNK probably will ride the bench on the seventh anniversary of his record UNK run day against the giants . END
`` i have to stay with UNK for a while '' , hemus said . END
`` bill white ( sore ankles ) should be ready . END
with a UNK going for pittsburgh , i may use don UNK in center '' . END
`` UNK UNK threw batting practice about 25 minutes , and he looked good '' , hemus said . END
`` he should be getting back in the UNK before long . END
our pitching is much better than it has shown '' . END
the statistics hardly indicated that the pirates needed extra batting practice , but UNK also turned his men loose at UNK stadium yesterday . END
until the UNK bats UNK down a bit in cincinnati over the weekend , the champions had eight men hitting over . END
despite the recession , pittsburgh came into town with this imposing list of averages : smoky UNK , UNK UNK , bill UNK , bob UNK and dick UNK , each END
, dick stuart , don UNK END
bill UNK with and hal smith with were the only pirates dragging their feet . END
perhaps the pirate who will be the UNK over the news that UNK probably will sit out most of the series is bob friend , who was beaten by the man twice last season on dramatic home runs . END
friend is off to a great start with a UNK record but isn't likely to see action here this week . END
`` we're getting friend some runs for a change , and he has been pitching good '' , UNK said . END
`` UNK has been UNK the ball . END
no UNK for him '' . END
the pirates jumped off to an UNK start by may 1 last year , when the UNK as well as the dodgers held them even over the season . END
on last may 1 , the cardinals stood at UNK , ending a UNK UNK on that milestone . END
in 1958 , the birds were UNK on may 1 . END
a year later they were UNK . END
since 1949 , the st. louis club has been below on may 1 just four times . END
the UNK team was off to a so-so UNK beginning , then fell as low as UNK on may 23 before finishing with 96 victories . END
the UNK cards were UNK on may 1 but ended with UNK UNK , the club's top since 1949 . END
then last season the birds tumbled as low as UNK on may 19 before recovering to make a race of it and total 86 victories . END
since 1949 , the only national league club that got off to a hot start and made a runaway of the race was the UNK UNK team . END
those dodgers won their first 10 games and owned a UNK mark and a UNK lead by may 8 . END
the club that UNK the worst start in a comparable period to win the pennant was new york's UNK giants , who dropped 11 of their first 13 . END
they honored the UNK UNK last night . END
speakers at a UNK club dinner dealt UNK praise to a group of st. louis university players who , in the words of coach john benington , `` had more confidence in themselves than i did '' . END
the most valuable player award was split three ways , among glen UNK , gordon hartweger and tom UNK . END
in addition , a special award was given to bob ( UNK ) nordmann , the UNK center who missed much of the season because of a knee injury . END
`` you often hear people talk about team spirit and that sort of thing '' , benington said in a conversation after the ceremonies , `` but what this team had was a little different . END
the boys had a tremendous respect for each other's ability . END
they knew what they could do and it was often a little more than i thought they could do . END
`` several times i found the players UNK me up , where it usually is the coach who is supposed to deliver the fight talk . END
we'd be losing at UNK to a good team and hartweger would say , ' don't worry , coach -- we'll get 'em all right ' '' . END
the trio who shared the UNK honors were introduced by bob UNK , sports editor of the UNK . END
UNK , the only junior in the group , was commended for his ability to hit in the clutch , as well as his UNK excellent play . END
UNK , the UNK defensive expert , was cited for his performance against bradley in st. louis UNK nationally televised victory . END
benington said , `` i've never seen a player have a game as great as UNK did against bradley that day '' . END
benington recalled that he once told hartweger that he doubted gordon would ever play much for him because he seemed to be lacking in all of the accepted basketball skills . END
after the coach listed all the boy's faults , hartweger said , `` coach before i leave here , you'll get to like me '' . END
mrs. benington admired UNK spirit and did what she could to persuade her husband that the boy might help the team . END
as hartweger accepted his silver bowl , he said , `` i want to thank UNK wife for talking him into letting me play '' . END
bob UNK , sports editor of the UNK , presented bob nordmann with his award . END
UNK was UNK for his efforts to stay in shape so that he could help the team if his knee healed in time . END
within a week after the injury , suffered in st. UNK victory in the final game of the kentucky tournament , nordmann was sitting on the bill's bench doing what he could to help benington . END
on the clock given him was the inscription , `` for outstanding contribution to UNK basketball , UNK '' . END
other UNK from the team that compiled a UNK record and finished as UNK in the national invitation tournament were : art UNK , UNK UNK , bill nordmann , dave harris , dave UNK and george UNK . END
`` this team set a precedent that could be valuable in the future '' , benington pointed out . END
`` by winning against bradley , kentucky and notre dame on those UNK home courts , they showed that the home court advantage can be overcome anywhere and that it doesn't take a super team to do it '' . END
st. louis university found a way to win a baseball game . END
larry UNK last night pitched a UNK game , said to be the first in UNK baseball history , as the blue and white beat southeast missouri state college , UNK , at crystal city . END
the victory was the first of the season for the UNK after nine UNK and a tie . END
the tie was against southeast missouri last friday . END
UNK also had a big night at bat with four hits in five trips including a double , UNK UNK also was UNK with two doubles and dave ritchie had a home run and a triple . END
st. louis u. was to be in action again today with a game scheduled at 4 against washington university at UNK field . END
the game opened a busy week for washington . END
the bears are set to play at harris teachers college at UNK tomorrow and have a UNK at quincy , ill. , saturday . END
if it's true that contented cows give more milk , why shouldn't happy ball players produce more base hits ? ? END
the two top talents of the time , mickey mantle and willie mays , have hit the ball harder and more successfully so far this early season than at any period in careers which , to be frank about it , never have quite reached expectations . END
and that's meant as a boost , not a knock . END
mays and mantle , both 10-year men at 30 , have so much ability that , baseball men agree , they've never hit the heights . END
their heights , that is . END
mantle , the UNK blond UNK , had one sensational UNK season , 1959 , when he UNK and also led the american league in home runs , 52 , and UNK , 130 . END
like the UNK slugger , mays , the terror of the giants , has had seasons that would be considered the ultimate by most players , but not by -- or for -- willie . END
his best years were 1954 when he hit with 41 UNK and UNK when he UNK 51 home runs , drove in UNK and stole 24 bases . END
now , apparently happier under new managers , mays and mantle , the perfect players , are behaving as though they're going to pass those previous peaks . END
yes , we know , they're professionals , men paid to play , and they shouldn't care how they're handled , just as long as their names are spelled correctly on the first and fifteenth of each month . END
the truth is , though , that men react differently to different treatment . END
for that matter , UNK UNK is rare , possessing the disposition that enabled him to put out the same for seven managers , reserving his opinions , but not his effort . END
mantle , it's apparent , resented casey UNK attempts to push and UNK him into the perfection the veteran manager saw as a thrilling possibility . END
the old man was almost too possessive . END
stengel inherited dimaggio , UNK , but he brought up mantle from class c to the UNK , from UNK to new york . END
with the speed and power of the body beautiful he saw before him , UNK case wanted no. 7 to be not only the best UNK UNK , but also the best UNK , UNK and outfielder . END
stengel probably preached too much in the early days when the kid wanted to pop his bubble gum and UNK his oats . END
UNK a more mature mantle , who now has seen the sights on and off broadway , ralph UNK quietly bestowed , no UNK intended , the mantle of authority on mickey . END
the major decided that , rather than be led , the slugger could lead . END
and what leadership a proud mantle has given so far . END
the opinion continues here that with a UNK schedule , pitching spread thin through a UNK league and a most inviting target in los UNK UNK field jr. , mantle just might break the most glamorous record on the books , babe ruth's 60 UNK of 1927 . END
UNK day came a day earlier for willie than for the kids and UNK this year . END
willie's wonderful UNK sunday -- four home runs -- served merely to emphasize how happy he is to be playing for alvin dark . END
next to leo UNK , dark taught mays the most when he was a UNK rookie rushed up to the polo grounds 10 years ago this month , to help the giants win a dramatic pennant . END
romantic news concerns mrs. joan monroe UNK and f. lee h. wendell , who are to be married at UNK p.m. tomorrow in the lake forest home of her brother , j. UNK monroe , and mrs. monroe . END
only the families and a dozen close friends will be present . END
the bride's brother , walter d. monroe jr. , will give her in marriage . END
in the small group will be the junior and senior mrs. walter monroe ; ; END
the UNK parents , the UNK UNK , who are returning from a winter holiday in UNK , fla. , for the occasion ; ; END
and his brother , mr. wendell jr. , and his wife , who will arrive from boston . END
mr. wendell jr. will be best man . END
also present will be the bride's children , joan , 13 , and UNK , 11 . END
their father is charles b. UNK . END
the UNK children were here for the christmas holidays and can't return . END
young peter wendell , a student at the westminster school , has UNK , and his sister , mrs. andrew thomas , and her husband , who live in UNK , UNK , have a new baby . END
their mother is mrs. UNK UNK wendell . END
mr. wendell and his bride will live in his lake forest house . END
they will take a wedding trip later . END
' back with the met END
`` we are back with the ' met ' again now that the ' met ' is back in chicago '' , bulletins mrs. frank s. UNK , president of the women's board of the university of chicago cancer research foundation . END
the new york metropolitan opera company will be here in may , and the board will sponsor the saturday night , may 13 , performance of `` UNK '' as a benefit . END
UNK UNK will be UNK . END
`` housed in the new mccormick place theater , this should prove to be an exciting evening '' , adds mrs. UNK . END
the board's last money raising event was a performance by harry UNK -- `` quite UNK for this group '' , decided some of the members . END
mrs. henry t. UNK of UNK , a new board member , will be chairman of publicity for the benefit . END
her husband recently was appointed vice president of the university , bringing them back here from the east . END
because of the recent death of the bride's father , frederick b. hamm , the marriage of miss terry hamm to john bruce UNK will be a small one at noon tomorrow in st. UNK church , forest park . END
a small reception will follow in the oak park arms hotel . END
mrs. hamm will not come from UNK beach , fla. , for the wedding . END
however , mr. UNK and his bride will go to UNK beach on their wedding trip , and will stay in the john g. UNK beach house . END
the UNK formerly lived in lake forest . END
harvey b. stevens of UNK will give his niece in marriage . END
mr. and mrs. stevens and the bride's other UNK and aunts , the rush c. UNK , the homer e. UNK , and the david UNK UNK , will give the UNK dinner tonight in the UNK home . END
the chicago press club will UNK george e. barnes , president of the united states lawn tennis association , at a cocktail party and buffet supper beginning at UNK p.m. tomorrow . END
later , a bus will carry members to the chicago stadium to see jack UNK professional tennis matches at 8 p.m. . END
with loud UNK for the artistic success of the UNK UNK fashion show still ringing in her ears , its director , helen UNK geraghty ( mrs. maurice p. geraghty ) is taking off tomorrow on a 56 day world trip which should earn her even greater acclaim as director of entertainment for next summer's international trade fair . END
armed with letters from embassies to ministers of countries , especially those in the near and far east , mrs. geraghty `` will beat the bushes for oriental talent '' . END
`` we ( the chicago association of commerce and industry ) expect to establish closer relations with nations and their cultural activities , and it will be easy as a member of the fair staff to bring in acts '' , explains mrs. geraghty . END
`` for instance , UNK , indonesia , has three groups of dancers interested in coming here . END
i'm even going to try to get the whirling UNK of UNK '' ! ! END
the last obstacle in mrs. UNK UNK trip was smoothed out when a representative of UNK called upon her to explain that his brother would meet her at the border of that country -- so newly separated from egypt and the united UNK republic that she hadn't been able to obtain a visa . END
honolulu will be mrs. UNK first stop . END
then japan , hong kong , UNK , india , pakistan , UNK , UNK , and to rome , london , and paris `` to look over wonderful talent '' . END
dec. 22 is the deadline for mrs. UNK return ; ; END
the UNK youngest daughter , molly , UNK in the UNK debutante UNK the next night . END
molly already has her UNK gown , and it's fitted , says her mother . END
also , invitations have been addressed to UNK debut tea the afternoon of dec. 29 in the arts club . END
it won't be a `` tea '' , however , but more of an international folk song festival , with singers from chicago's foreign groups to sing christmas songs from around the world . END
the international theme will be continued with the UNK strings playing for a dinner the byron UNK will give in the UNK club after the tea . END
miss UNK UNK debut supper dance in the UNK will wind up the day . END
the richard s. UNK home in wayne may be the setting for the wedding reception for their daughter , helen UNK , and the young italian she met last year while studying in florence during her junior year at smith college . END
he is UNK UNK , son of the UNK UNK of florence whom the UNK met last year in europe . END
the UNK , who now live in UNK , are telling friends of the engagement . END
miss burke , a graduate of miss UNK school , stayed on in florence as a career girl . END
her UNK , who is with a publishing firm , UNK many books from english into italian . END
he will be coming here on business in december , when the wedding is to take place in wayne . END
miss burke will arrive in december also . END
a farewell supper mr. and mrs. charles h. UNK jr. planned sunday for italian UNK general and mrs. UNK UNK has been canceled because mr. UNK is in illinois UNK hospital for surgery . END
mrs. william UNK , mrs. UNK b. king , john UNK jr. , norman UNK , and actress UNK UNK will judge the costumes in the grand march at the UNK old towne UNK UNK tomorrow in the UNK club . END
the party is to raise money for the old town art center and to plant more UNK trees along the streets of old town . END
UNK around : columnist walter UNK , well and UNK again , wheeled thru town between trains yesterday en route to his phoenix , ariz. , UNK , portable typewriter in hand . END
if w. UNK retiring soon , as hinted , he ain't talking -- yet . END
pretty sunny UNK , the UNK tommy UNK and the UNK bud UNK , joined UNK illustrated , as a promotional copy writer . END
you can get into an argument about fallout shelters at the drop of a beer stein in clubs and UNK these nights . END
everybody has a different idea on the ethics and morals of driving away neighbors , when and if . END
comic gary morton signed to play the living room here dec. 18 , because that's the only time his heart , lucille ball , can come along . END
and watch for a headline from this pair any time now . END
the living room has another scoop : jane russell will make one of her rare night club singing appearances there , opening jan. 22 . END
la russell's run in `` UNK '' , UNK next week at UNK lane , already is a UNK . END
johnny ray , at the same l. r. , has something to cry about . END
he's been UNK in severe pain ; ; END
a UNK injection UNK a nerve , and johnny can barely walk . END
charley UNK , top UNK film studio UNK , makes an honest man out of this column . END
as we UNK way back , he'll UNK pretty UNK UNK , of the golf UNK staff , in n. y. c. today . END
handsome bachelor charley was a favorite date of many of hollywood's glamor UNK for years . END
george simon , UNK director of danny thomas a. l. s. a. c. ( aiding UNK stricken american children ) fund raising group , filled me in on the UNK UNK who are using phones to UNK funds for UNK st. UNK hospital in memphis . END
there is no such thing as an `` emergency telephone building fund drive '' . END
the only current event they're UNK is the big show at the stadium nov. 25 , when danny will entertain thousands of UNK kids . END
you can mail UNK to danny thomas , post office box UNK , chicago . END
so , if anybody UNK by phone , make sure you mail the dough to the above . END
UNK de UNK signed to do a broadway play for garson UNK this season , `` a gift of time '' . END
she'll move to UNK after years in paris . END
gorgeous doris day and her UNK , marty UNK , drive in today from a motor tour thru new england . END
d. d. will pop up with UNK chief UNK UNK at the carnegie theater tomorrow to toast 300 movie UNK . END
it'll be an all day affair with UNK of UNK new one , `` lover come back '' , and `` flower drum song '' . END
UNK the people : lovely UNK UNK gave up a promising show UNK career to apply glamor touches to her UNK , ray UNK fur firm here . END
typical touch : she sold a $10,000 morning light mink to sportsman UNK UNK for his UNK , UNK mason , also an UNK . END
in honor of the UNK new baby . END
fur goodness sake ! ! END
UNK jack herbert insists dick UNK campaign slogan for governor of california is , `` knight must fall '' ! ! END
give generously when you buy candy today for the brain research foundation . END
it's one of our town's UNK charities . END
best bet for tonight : that UNK UNK from UNK , UNK , opening in the empire room . END
dave UNK , who is quite a UNK and boss of chicago's new pro basketball UNK , is UNK a new international club , for the exclusive use of season ticket holders , in the stock yards inn . END
jump off is tomorrow night when the UNK meet st. louis in their season home opener . END
nobody's mentioned it , but when UNK casey stengel takes over as boss of the new york UNK , he'll be the only UNK ever to wear the uniform of all new york area clubs , past and present : yankees , dodgers , giants , and now the UNK . END
and UNK UNK calls the bayonet UNK at berlin's UNK gate , `` the battle of the sentry '' ! ! END
the UNK UNK : this mad world dept. : UNK and the kremlin crowd are confident all right . END
they're UNK the earth's atmosphere including their own via mighty UNK bombs but their own peasants still don't know about it ! ! END
more : on the free world side . END
albert john UNK , awarded a nobel prize for his south african integration UNK , has to get permission to fly to collect his honor . END
UNK but on to the UNK side johnny UNK , the only real tarzan , telephoned UNK UNK , his first `` jane '' ( now at UNK lane ) and muttered , `` me tarzan , this jane '' ? ? END
snapped UNK , `` me jane '' ! ! END
actually johnny is a UNK , UNK guy , with a rare sense of humor . END
everywhere he went in town , people UNK up , gave him the UNK bit or broke into a frightening tarzan UNK . END
he kids his tarzan roles more than anyone . END
`` la dolce vita '' , the dynamite italian UNK , opens at popular prices at the loop theater nov. 2 . END
my idea of UNK movie making . END
bill UNK health is back to the UNK stage , but his UNK insist he rest for several more months before getting back into the baseball swim . END
william keeps up with our town's doings daily , via the tribune , and he tells me he never misses the UNK . END
that's our boy bill . END
jean UNK blue angel is the first top local club to import that crazy new dance , the twist . END
they'll start lessons , too , UNK . END
a cheer here for francis UNK , state treasurer , who will meet with the UNK advisory board of the chicago bar association , for suggestions on how to handle the opening of safety deposit boxes after somebody dies . END
after being closed for seven months , the garden of the gods club will have its gala summer opening saturday , june 3 . END
music for dancing will be furnished by allen UNK and his orchestra , who will play each saturday during june . END
members and guests will be in for an added surprise with the new wing containing 40 rooms and suites , each with its own private UNK . END
gene marshall , genial manager of the club , has announced that the garden of the gods will open to members thursday , june 1 . END
beginning july 4 , there will be an orchestra playing UNK except sunday and monday for the summer season . END
mrs. j. edward UNK and mrs. paul UNK are planning a luncheon next week in honor of mrs. j. UNK UNK , who UNK her birthday on tuesday . END
mr. and mrs. jerry chase announce the birth of a daughter , UNK , on wednesday in mercy hospital . END
UNK are mr. and mrs. robert l. chase and mr. and mrs. guy UNK of UNK . END
mrs. chase is the former miss mary UNK . END
mrs. UNK UNK will leave sunday to return to her home in santa barbara , calif. , after spending a week in her polo grounds home . END
mrs. john c. UNK jr. of UNK is spending several days in her sherman UNK apartment . END
mr. and mrs. UNK shoup have returned to their home in colorado springs after spending a few days at the brown palace hotel . END
UNK gen. and mrs. robert f. UNK will entertain at a black tie dinner wednesday , may 3 , in the officers' club at the air force academy . END
mr. and mrs. UNK de UNK will honor italian UNK and mrs. UNK UNK at a cocktail party tuesday , may 2 , from 6 to 8 p.m. in their home . END
the UNK are leaving soon for their new post . END
there will be a stag dinner friday evening at the denver country club which will UNK the opening of the 1961 golf season . END
UNK will be served from 6 to 7 p.m. , with dinner at 7 and entertainment in the main dining room immediately following . END
miss UNK parker was one of the speakers on the panel of the eastern women's liberal arts college panel on wednesday evening in the security life UNK . END
guests were juniors in the public high schools . END
the committee for the annual central city fashion show has been announced by mrs. d. w. moore , chairman . END
the event , staged yearly by UNK , will be held in the opera house wednesday , aug. 16 . END
it will be preceded by luncheon in the UNK house . END
mrs. roger UNK is head of the luncheon table decorations . END
mrs. stanley wright is ticket chairman and mrs. theodore UNK is in charge of publicity . END
members of the committee include mrs. milton UNK , mrs. j. UNK UNK , mrs. UNK w. bradford , mrs. samuel butler jr. , mrs. donald UNK campbell , mrs. douglas carruthers , mrs. john c. davis 3 , , mrs. UNK UNK , mrs. william e. glass , mrs. alfred UNK 2 , , mrs. donald UNK , mrs. UNK moore , mrs. UNK UNK , mrs. richard gibson smith , mrs. james s. UNK 2 , and mrs. thomas UNK . END
the first committee meeting will be held on may 19 . END
mr. and mrs. andrew s. kelsey of washington , d.c. , announce the birth of a daughter , UNK ann kelsey , on monday in washington , d.c. . END
UNK are mr. and mrs. UNK UNK and mr. and mrs. UNK kelsey of UNK , n.y. . END
mrs. kelsey is the former miss ann UNK . END
a UNK smile , a UNK interest in others and a practical down-to-earth approach . END
those qualities make esther marr a popular asset at the salvation army's social center at UNK UNK st. . END
the UNK , UNK woman who came to denver three years ago from buffalo , n.y. , is a `` civilian '' with the army . END
her position covers a number of daily tasks common to any social director . END
the job also covers a number of other items . END
`` UNK '' marr , as the more than 80 men at the center call her , is the link that helps to bridge the gulf between alcoholics and the outside world and between UNK and society . END
her day starts early , but no matter how many pressing letters there are to be written ( and during may , which is national salvation army week , there are plenty ) , schedules to be made or problems to be solved , mrs. UNK office is always open and the welcome mat is out . END
mrs. marr is the first contact a UNK row figure talks to after he decides he wants to pick himself up . END
she sees that there is a cup of steaming hot coffee awaiting him and the two chat informally as she presents the rules of the center and explains procedures . END
`` usually at this point a man is withdrawn from society and one of my jobs is to see that he UNK to UNK with his fellow men '' , mrs. marr explained . END
the UNK has worked out an entire program to achieve this using the facilities of the center . END
`` and i bum tickets to everything i can '' , she said . END
`` i've become the greatest UNK in the world '' . END
in addition to the tickets to the movies , sporting events and concerts , mrs. marr lines up candy and cookies because alcoholics require a lot of UNK to replace the sugar in their system . END
mrs. marr also has a number of UNK to `` mother '' , watching to see that they do not break their parole and that they also learn to UNK to society . END
by UNK , millions of americans will take to the road on vacation trips up and down and back and forth across this vast and lovely land . END
in another four weeks , with schools closed across the nation , the great UNK summer UNK will be under way . END
by july 1 , six weeks from now , UNK all over the nation will , by 6 p.m. , be switching on that bleak -- to motorists -- sign , `` no vacancy '' . END
no matter how many americans go abroad in summer , probably a hundred times as many gas up the family car , throw suitcases , kids and comic books in the back seat , and head for home . END
and where is `` home '' , that magic place of the heart ? ? END
ah , that is simple . END
home is where a man was born , reared , went to school and , most particularly , where grandma is . END
that is where we turn in the good old summertime . END
the land lies ready for the coming onslaught . END
my husband and i , a month ahead of the rush , have just finished a UNK motor journey of UNK miles from UNK , ariz. , to new york city : END
i can testify that motels , service and comfort stations ( they go together like scots and UNK ) , dog wagons , roadside restaurants , UNK stands and snake farms are braced and waiting . END
i hope it can be said without UNK that no other nation offers its UNK motorists such variety and beauty of scene , such an excellent network of roads on which to enjoy it and such decent , UNK UNK accommodations . END
maybe UNK isn't the nation's biggest industry , but it certainly looks that way from the highway . END
there are motels for all purposes and all tastes . END
there are even motels for local weather peculiarities in UNK , tex. , as i discovered . END
there the royal motel UNK `` all facilities , UNK heat , air conditioned , UNK , free tv , storm cellar '' . END
innumerable motels from UNK to new york boast swimming pools ( `` swim at your own risk '' is the hospitable sign poised at the UNK of most pools ) . END
some even boast two pools , one for adults and one for children . END
but the royal motel in UNK was the only one that offered the comfort and security of a storm cellar . END
motorists like myself who can remember the old `` tourists UNK '' signs on farm houses and village homes before world war 2 , can only marvel at the great size and the luxury of the relatively new and UNK motel business . END
all for UNK ! ! END
at the UNK motel in winchester , va. , we accidentally drew the honeymoon suite , an elegant affair with UNK UNK , gold and white furniture , pink satin UNK chairs , UNK tv and a pink tile bath with masses of pink towels . END
that made up for the `` best '' motel in norman , UNK , where the proprietor knocked $2 off the UNK UNK when we found ants in the UNK furniture . END
UNK , calif. , will be the home of the rev. robert d. howard and his bride , the former miss UNK ellen gay , who were married saturday at the UNK place methodist church . END
parents of the bride are mr. and mrs. UNK m. gay , UNK UNK . END
the UNK is the son of mrs. james UNK of los angeles , calif. , and carl e. howard of santa UNK , calif. . END
he is a graduate of UNK and UNK school of theology , aj . END
dr. w. b. i. martin UNK , and the bride was given in marriage by her father . END
honor attendants for the couple were miss UNK UNK and warren v. UNK . END
the couple will honeymoon in UNK national park , calif. . END
miss joan UNK baker , a graduate of smu , was married saturday to UNK leonard mason , an honor graduate of UNK state college of technology , in the chapel of the first presbyterian church of houston . END
the bride , daughter of rhodes UNK baker jr. of houston and the late mrs. baker , was president of kappa kappa gamma and a member of mortar board at aj . END
her husband , who is the son of UNK john mason of UNK , la. , and the late mrs. henry cater UNK , was president of alpha UNK UNK and a member of delta UNK UNK at UNK tech , and did graduate work at rhodes university in UNK , south africa , on a rotary fellowship . END
the rev. richard freeman of texas city UNK and charles UNK and mrs. marvin hand presented music . END
the bride was given in marriage by her father . END
she wore a UNK gown of UNK designed with UNK UNK and UNK skirt UNK by lace UNK . END
her veil was caught to a crown , and she carried UNK and UNK . END
miss mary ross of baird was maid of honor , and UNK were miss pat UNK of austin , mrs. howard m. dean of UNK , ill. , and mrs. james a. UNK of UNK , la. . END
UNK mason of UNK , UNK , was best man for his brother , and UNK were rhodes s. baker 3 , of houston , dr. james carter of houston and conrad UNK of new orleans , la. . END
lee jackson and ken smith , both of houston , and alfred UNK of UNK seated guests . END
after a reception at the UNK , the UNK left for a wedding trip to new orleans , la. . END
they will live in corpus UNK . END
miss shirley joan meredith , a former student of north texas state university , was married saturday to larry w. mills , who has attended arlington state college . END
they will live at UNK UNK after a wedding trip to corpus UNK . END
parents of the couple are ray meredith of denton and the late mrs. meredith and mrs. hardy p. mills of UNK and the late mr. mills . END
the rev. melvin carter UNK at the ceremony in slaughter chapel of the first baptist church . END
dan beam presented music and the bride was given in marriage by her father . END
she wore a gown of satin designed along UNK lines and featuring a flared skirt and lace jacket with UNK UNK . END
her veil was caught to a pearl UNK , and she carried UNK and UNK . END
miss UNK kay meredith of denton was her UNK maid of honor , and vernon UNK of san angelo was best man . END
robert UNK and UNK UNK jr. seated guests . END
a reception was held at the church . END
the first christian church of UNK was the setting for the wedding last sunday of miss UNK marie UNK and thomas earl loving jr. , who will live at UNK UNK after a wedding trip to new orleans , la. END
the bride , daughter of mr. and mrs. charles UNK UNK of UNK , has attended texas woman's university and will continue her studies at aj . END
`` a night in new orleans '' is the UNK planned by members of the thrift shop committee for may 6 at philmont country club . END
the women have a reputation for giving parties that are different and are fun and this year's promises to follow in this fine tradition . END
mrs. h. j. UNK is chairman . END
the louisiana city is known , of course , for its fine food , good music and its colorful hospitality `` and , when guests arrive at philmont that night '' , says mrs. UNK , `` that is exactly what we expect to offer them . END
we've been working for weeks . END
the prospects look great . END
we are keeping a number of surprises under our hats . END
but we can't tell it all now and then have no new excitement later '' . END
but she does indicate festivities will start early , that a jazz combo will `` give with the basin street beat '' during the cocktail and dinner hours and that lester UNK orchestra will take over during the dancing . END
as for food , mrs. henry UNK , chairman of this phase , is a UNK who knows good food . END
`` new orleans '' ? ? END
she says , `` of course i've had the best . END
it is just bad luck that we are having the party in a month with no r's , so no oysters . END
but we have lots of other new orleans specialties . END
i know they will be good . END
we've tried them out on the club chef -- or say , he has tried them out on us and we have selected the best '' . END
guests will be treated to gulf coast scenic effects . END
there will be masses of flowers , UNK of the handsome old buildings with their UNK and other things that are typical of new orleans . END
mrs. harry k. UNK is chairman of this phase and she is getting an artistic assist from a. van UNK , display director of UNK brothers . END
the gala is the thrift UNK annual bundle party and , as all thrift shop friends know , that means the admission is a bundle of used clothing in good condition , contributions of household equipment , UNK and such to stock the shelves at the UNK headquarters at UNK walnut st. . END
for the convenience of guests bundle centers have been established throughout the city and suburbs where the UNK may be deposited between now and the date of the big event . END
in addition to the bundles , guests pay the cost of their dinners . END
members of the young set who would like to come to the party only during the dancing time are welcomed . END
the thrift shop , with mrs. UNK s. UNK as president , is one of the city's most successful UNK for the federation of jewish agencies . END
some idea of the competence of the women is indicated in the contribution made by them during the past 25 years that totals UNK . END
`` big business , this little thrift shop business '' , say the members . END
for most of the 25 years the operation was under feminine direction . END
in the past few years the men , mostly husbands of members , have taken an interest . END
louis UNK is chairman of the men's committee that , among other jobs , takes over part of the responsibility for UNK the shop during its evening hours . END
mrs. theodore UNK is vice chairman of the committee for the gala . END
mrs. richard UNK is chairman of UNK . END
mrs. arthur UNK is making arrangements for a reception ; ; END
mrs. joan UNK , for publicity ; ; END
mrs. harry m. rose , jr. , for secretarial duties ; ; END
mrs. ralph UNK , for junior aides ; ; END
mr. and mrs. b. lewis UNK , for senior aides , and mrs. samuel p. UNK , for the bundles . END
in addition , mr. and mrs. allan UNK are UNK , mrs. paul stone is treasurer and mrs. albert UNK is in charge of UNK for the dancing at 9 p.m. . END
besides the bundle centers where contributions may be made there will be facilities at philmont country club for those who would like to bring the bundles on the night of the party . END
the women's committee of st. UNK church will hold its annual UNK pink parade , a dessert bridge and fashion show at 1 p.m. on monday , april 17 , in the chapel assembly room , wayne . END
mrs. robert o. UNK is chairman of the committee , which includes mrs. james a. moody , mrs. frank c. UNK , mrs. UNK UNK , mrs. harold g. lacy , mrs. albert w. terry , mrs. henry m. chance , 2d , mrs. robert o. UNK , jr. , mrs. harcourt n. UNK , jr. , mrs. john a. UNK , mrs. robert UNK , mrs. william g. UNK , mrs. hughes UNK , mrs. john l. UNK and mrs. UNK newman . END
the fashion show , by UNK UNK will have mrs. john UNK as UNK . END
models will be mrs. samuel b. d. baird , mrs. william h. UNK , jr. , mrs. richard w. hole , mrs. william f. UNK , mrs. robert o. UNK , mrs. e. h. UNK , mrs. robert w. UNK , jr. , mrs. frederick c. wheeler , jr. , mrs. william a boyd , UNK f. vernon putt . END
col. UNK UNK , of chester springs , who headed the troop committee for much of its second and third decades , is now an UNK member . END
each year he invites the boys to camp out on his estate for one of their big week ends of the year . END
the troop is proud of its UNK program -- on year-round schedule and was continued even when UNK temperatures were registered during the past winter . END
`` we worry '' , say the mothers . END
`` but there never is any need . END
the boys love it '' . END
mrs. john charles UNK is chairman of publicity for the country fair and mrs. francis g. UNK and mrs. francis smythe , of posters . END
they all are of wayne . END
`` meet the artist '' is the invitation issued by members of the greater philadelphia section of the national council of jewish women as they arrange for an annual exhibit and sale of paintings and sculpture at the philmont country club on april 8 and 9 . END
a UNK party for sponsors of the event and for the artists is set for april 8 . END
the event will be open to the public the following day . END
proceeds will be used by the section to further its program in science , education and social action on local , national and international levels . END
mrs. monte UNK , chairman , says the work of 100 artists well known in the delaware valley area will be included in the exhibition and sale . END
among them will be UNK UNK , ben UNK , nicholas UNK , alfred van UNK and milton UNK . END
mr. UNK has agreed to do a portrait of the family of the person who wins the door prize . END
the event is the sixth on the annual calendar of the local members of the national council of jewish women . END
it originated with the UNK section . END
when this and other units combined to form the present group , it was taken on as a continuing UNK . END
mrs. jerome UNK and mrs. meyer UNK are UNK this year . END
assisting as chairmen of various committees are mrs. alvin UNK , mrs. leonard UNK , mrs. edward UNK , mrs. robert UNK . END
also mrs. UNK UNK , mrs. morton UNK , mrs. jacques UNK , mrs. evelyn UNK , mrs. henry UNK , mr. and mrs. i. s. UNK , mrs. jack UNK , mrs. leonard UNK , mrs. gordon UNK , mrs. oscar UNK , mrs. alfred UNK and mrs. edward UNK . END
dr. and mrs. n. UNK UNK have had as guests mr. and mrs. john j. evans , jr. , of `` UNK house '' , UNK , md. . END
mrs. edward UNK will entertain the members of her book club on tuesday . END
mrs. a. UNK anderson entertained at a luncheon at her home , on monday . END
mr. and mrs. anderson were entertained at dinner on sunday by mr. and mrs. frank UNK , of UNK hills . END
mr. and mrs. major morris and their son-in-law and daughter , mr. and mrs. thomas UNK , and their children will spend several days in UNK , n. j. . END
mr. and mrs. james janssen announce the birth of a daughter , patricia lynn janssen , on march 2 . END
mr. and mrs. charles UNK announce the engagement of their daughter , miss mary ann UNK , to mr. robert l. UNK , son of mr. and mrs. donald r. UNK , of drexel hill . END
miss eileen grant is spending several weeks visiting in florida . END
mr. and mrs. frederick UNK are entertaining mr. walter UNK , of vienna ; ; END
mr. UNK UNK , of UNK , germany , and mr. UNK UNK , of UNK . END
mr. and mrs. harry d. UNK , jr. have returned to their home in drexel park , after spending some time in UNK beach fla. . END
mr. and mrs. james f. mitchell , with their daughter , anne , and son , james , jr. are spending several weeks in florida , and will visit in UNK . END
UNK warren taylor , UNK , and mrs. taylor , of e. greenwich , r. i. , will have with them for the easter holidays the latter's parents , mr. and mrs. john b. UNK , of drexel hill . END
mr. and mrs. l. UNK UNK , formerly of drexel hill , and now of UNK square , are entertaining mr. and mrs. UNK e. UNK , of temple , pa. . END
mrs. william h. UNK , of drexel park , entertained at a luncheon at her home on wednesday . END
mr. and mrs. robert brown will return next week from bermuda . END
mrs. h. e. godwin will entertain the members of her book club at her home on tuesday . END
dr. and mrs. richard peter UNK announce the engagement of their daughter , miss susan ann UNK , to mr. conrad wall 3 , , son of dr. conrad wall 2 , , and mrs. UNK kennedy wall . END
the marriage will be quietly celebrated in early february . END
miss UNK was graduated from the louise s. UNK school and is attending UNK college in UNK , mass. . END
her mother is the former miss UNK UNK . END
mr. wall is a student at UNK university , where he is a member of delta kappa UNK fraternity . END
their UNK , the queen of carnival and the queen of UNK , have jointly issued invitations for UNK tuesday evening at midnight at which time they will entertain in the grand ballroom of a downtown hotel following the balls of rex and UNK . END
mr. and mrs. richard b. UNK and their son-in-law and daughter , mr. and mrs. raymond b. walker will be hosts this tuesday evening at dinner at the state st. home of the UNK honoring mrs. UNK debutante niece , miss barbara williams . END
debutante miss lady helen hardy will be UNK at luncheon this tuesday at which the hostess will be mrs. edwin UNK of UNK , miss. . END
she will entertain at a UNK UNK restaurant at 1 o'clock in the early afternoon . END
another debutante , miss virginia richmond , will also be the UNK this wednesday at luncheon at which mrs. john UNK , will be hostess entertaining at a downtown hotel . END
miss katherine UNK , who attends sweet UNK college in virginia , will UNK her father , dr. eugene UNK , at the family home in richmond UNK wednesday for part of the carnival festivities . END
when the UNK entertained wednesday last at their annual carnival UNK ball , miss margaret UNK was chosen to rule over the festivities , presented at the UNK auditorium and chosen as her ladies in waiting were misses clayton UNK , eleanor UNK , lynn chapman , UNK UNK of UNK , miss. and UNK UNK . END
the large municipal hall was UNK with color , which shown out from the bright array of chic UNK worn by those participating in the `` UNK dances '' . END
the mother of young queen , mrs. g. henry UNK jr. chose a white UNK gown made on slim lines with panels of UNK and bright green satin extending down the back . END
mrs. thomas jordan selected a black UNK UNK made with a skirt of fringed UNK and worn with crimson silk slippers . END
mrs. clayton UNK , whose daughter , was among the court maids , chose a deep UNK blue lace gown . END
mrs. UNK UNK , whose daughter was also a maid to the queen , wore an ashes of roses UNK satin gown . END
mrs. peter UNK jr. , last year's UNK queen , chose an UNK white UNK lace short dress made with a wide UNK trimmed with an edging of UNK . END
mrs. UNK UNK UNK street length silk UNK dress was embroidered on the UNK with gold threads and golden UNK and beads . END
the baltimore and ohio railroad announced yesterday it would reduce the total amount of its payroll by 10 per cent through salary cuts and lay-offs effective at UNK a.m. next saturday . END
the current monthly payroll comes to about UNK . END
howard e. simpson , the UNK president , said , `` a drastic decline in freight loading due principally to the severe slump in the movement of heavy goods has necessitated this UNK action '' . END
the reduction in expenses will affect employees in the thirteen states in which the b. & o. operates . END
it will be accomplished in two ways : 1 END
a flat reduction of 10 per cent in the salary of all officers , supervisors and other employees not belonging to unions . END
there are about UNK officers and employees in this class . END
sufficient lay-offs of union employees to bring about a 10 per cent cut in the union payroll expense . END
since the railroad cannot reduce the salary of individual union members under contract , it must accomplish its payroll reduction by placing some of the men on UNK , a b. & o. spokesman said . END
those union members kept on their jobs , therefore , will not take a cut in their wages . END
the spokesman said the number to be UNK cannot be estimated since the lay-offs must be carried out in each area depending on what men are most needed on the job . END
a UNK struck a cab driver in the face with a pistol last night after UNK him of UNK at franklin and mount streets . END
the victim , norman b. wiley , 38 , of the UNK block north charles street , was treated for cuts at franklin square hospital after the robbery . END
the driver told police he followed as the negro man got out of the cab with his money . END
the victim was beaten when he attempted to stop the UNK . END
he said the UNK , who was armed with a automatic , entered the taxi at pennsylvania avenue and gold street . END
in another attack , samuel UNK , 41 , proprietor of a food store in the UNK block UNK street , told police two negroes assaulted him in his store and stole $150 from the cash register after choking and beating him . END
a baby was burned to death and two other children were seriously injured last night in a fire which damaged their UNK anne arundel county home . END
the victim UNK UNK , negro , 1 , was pronounced dead on arrival at anne arundel general hospital in annapolis . END
his sister and brother , marie louise , 3 , and john raymond , jr. 22 months , were admitted to the hospital . END
the girl was in critical condition with burns over 90 per cent of her body . END
the boy received UNK burns of the face , neck and back . END
his condition was reported to be fair . END
police said the children's mother , mrs. eleanor UNK , was visiting next door when the fire occurred . END
the house is on old annapolis road a mile south of UNK park , at jones station , police said . END
-- the anne arundel county school superintendent has asked that the board of education return to the practice of recording its proceedings mechanically so that there will be no more question about who said what . END
the proposal was made by dr. david s. jenkins after he and mrs. d. UNK williams , jr. , a board member and long-time critic of the superintendent , argued for about fifteen minutes at this week's meeting . END
the disagreement was over what dr. jenkins had said at a previous session and how his remarks appeared in the minutes presented at the following meeting . END
mrs. williams had a list which she said contained about nine or ten discrepancies between her memory of dr. UNK conversation and how they were written up for the board's approval . END
`` i hate to have these things come up again and again '' , dr. jenkins commented as he made his suggestion . END
`` these are the board's minutes . END
i'll write what you tell me to '' . END
for a number of years the board used a machine to keep a permanent record but abandoned the practice about two years ago . END
it was about that time , a board member said later , that dr. thomas g. pullen , jr. , state superintendent of schools , told dr. jenkins and a number of other education officials that he would not talk to them with a recording machine sitting in front of him . END
the board of county commissioners , the sanitary commission , the planning and zoning board and other county official bodies use recording machines for all public business in order to prevent law suits and other UNK about what actually happened at their meetings . END
dr. jenkins notes , however , that most of the school boards in the state do not do so . END
state senator joseph a. UNK ( d. , first baltimore ) had a stroke yesterday while in his automobile in the 200 block of west pratt street . END
he was taken to university hospital in a municipal ambulance . END
doctors at the hospital said he was partially UNK on the right side . END
his condition was said to be , `` fair '' . END
police said he became ill while parked in front of a barber shop at UNK west pratt street . END
he called vincent l. UNK , proprietor of the shop , who summoned police and an ambulance . END
the vice president of the city council complained yesterday that there are `` deficiencies '' in the city's snow clearing program which should be corrected as soon as possible . END
councilman william d. schaefer ( d. , fifth ) said in a letter to mayor grady that plowing and UNK UNK should be dispatched earlier in storms and should be kept on the job longer than they were last month . END
UNK that several cities to the north were in worse shape than baltimore after the last storm , mr. schaefer listed several improvements he said should be made in the snow plan here . END
he said the snow plan was put in effect too slowly in december . END
equipment should be in operation `` almost immediately after the first UNK '' , mr. schaefer said . END
the councilman , who is the administration floor leader , also criticized bernard l. werner , public works director , for `` UNK snow operations '' on tuesday night after the sunday storm . END
mr. werner said yesterday that operations continued through the week . END
what he did , mr. werner said , was let manual laborers go home tuesday night for some rest . END
work resumed wednesday , he said . END
mr. schaefer also recommended that the snow emergency route plan , under which parking is UNK on key streets and cars are required to use snow tires or chains on them , should be `` strictly enforced '' . END
admitting that main streets and the central business district should have priority , the councilman said it is also essential that small shopping areas `` not be overlooked if our small merchants are to survive '' . END
UNK personal observations of clearance work , the councilman cited instances of inefficient use of equipment or supplies by poorly trained workers and urged that plow blades be set so they do not leave behind a thin layer of snow which eventually UNK . END
annapolis , jan. 7 ( special ) END
-- the UNK adopted son of a washington attorney and his wife , who were murdered early today in their chesapeake UNK home , has been sent to spring grove state hospital for UNK . END
the victims were h. UNK UNK , 47 , and his wife , shirley , 46 . END
each had been shot in the back several times with a END
automatic rifle , according to capt. elmer UNK , chief of anne arundel detectives . END
judge benjamin UNK signed the order UNK the boy to the hospital because of the lack of juvenile accommodations at the anne arundel county jail . END
the circuit court UNK said the boy will have a hearing in juvenile court . END
soon after 10 a.m. , when police reached the UNK brick home in the franklin manor section , 15 miles south of here on the bay , in response to a call from the UNK other son , lee , 14 , they found mrs. UNK body on the UNK bedroom floor . END
her husband was lying on the kitchen floor , police said . END
the younger son told police his brother had run from the house after the UNK and had driven away in their mother's car . END
the description of the car was immediately broadcast throughout southern maryland on police radio . END
police said the boys are natural brothers and were adopted as small children by the UNK . END
trooper j. a. UNK spotted the wanted car , with three boys , at a route 2 service station , just outside annapolis . END
the driver admitted he was the UNK son and all three were taken to the UNK station , police said . END
-- governor UNK today appointed lloyd l. simpkins , his administrative assistant , as UNK secretary of state . END
mr. simpkins will move into the post being vacated by thomas b. UNK , earlier named attorney general to succeed c. UNK UNK , who will be elevated to an associate UNK on the maryland court of appeals . END
governor UNK announced that a triple UNK ceremony will be held in his office next friday . END
mr. simpkins is a resident of UNK county , and he and the governor , also a UNK UNK , have been friends since mr. simpkins was a child . END
now 38 , mr. simpkins was graduated from the university of UNK college of agriculture in 1947 . END
five years later , he was awarded the university's degree in law . END
mr. simpkins made a name for himself as a member of the house of delegates from 1951 through 1958 . END
from the outset of his first term , he established himself as one of the guiding spirits of the house of delegates . END
maryland contracts for future construction during october totaled UNK , up to 10 per cent compared to october , 1960 , f. w. dodge , dodge corporation , reported . END
dodge reported the following breakdown : END
UNK at UNK , down 28 per cent ; ; END
residential at UNK , up 100 per cent ; ; END
and heavy engineering at UNK , down 45 per cent . END
the cumulative total of construction contracts for the first ten months of 1961 amounted to UNK , a 4 per cent increase compared to the corresponding period of last year . END
a breakdown of the UNK total showed : END
UNK at UNK , up 22 per cent ; ; END
residential at UNK , up 12 per cent ; ; END
and heavy engineering at UNK , down 33 per cent . END
residential building consists of houses , apartments , hotels , dormitories and other buildings designed for shelter . END
the share of the new housing market enjoyed by apartments , which began about six years ago , has more than tripled within that span of time . END
in 1961 , it is estimated that multiple unit dwellings will account for nearly 30 per cent of the starts in residential construction . END
while availability of mortgage money has been a factor in encouraging apartment construction , the generally high level of prosperity in the past few years plus rising consumer income are among the factors that have encouraged builders to concentrate in the UNK field . END
although economic and personal circumstances vary widely among those now choosing apartments , leo j. UNK , vice president of a hardware manufacturing company , pointed out recently that many apartment UNK seem to have one characteristic in common : a desire for greater convenience and freedom from the problems involved in maintaining a house . END
`` convenience is therefore the key to the housing market today . END
UNK , UNK , quality components will play an increasingly important part in the merchandising of new housing in 1960 '' , UNK predicted . END
UNK living units are being added to the UNK harbor view apartments in the cherry hill section . END
ultimately the development will comprise 300 units , in two-story and UNK structures . END
various of the apartments are of the terrace type , being on the ground floor so that entrance is direct . END
others , which are reached by walking up a single flight of stairs , have UNK . END
the structures housing the apartments are of masonry and frame construction . END
heating is by individual UNK , forced warm air systems . END
construction in 1962 will account for about 15 per cent of the gross national product , according to a study by UNK corporation . END
-- vital secrets of britain's first atomic submarine , the dreadnought , and , by implication , of the entire united states navy's UNK nuclear sub fleet , were stolen by a UNK soviet spy ring , secret service agents testified today . END
the dreadnought was built on designs supplied by the united states in 1959 and was launched last year . END
it is a killer sub -- that is , a hunter of enemy UNK . END
it has a hull patterned on that of the united states navy's UNK , the world's first atomic submarine . END
its power unit , however , was derived from the reactor of the more modern american nuclear submarine skipjack . END
the announcement that the secrets of the dreadnought had been stolen was made in bow st. police court here at the end of a three day hearing . END
a full trial was ordered for : END
two british civil servants , miss UNK gee , 46 , and her newly devoted friend , harry houghton , 55 , and divorced . END
they are accused of UNK secrets out of naval UNK over which they kept guard . END
gordon a. UNK , 37 , a mystery man presumed to be russian although he carries a canadian passport . END
when arrested , he had the submarine secrets on a roll of UNK camera film as well as UNK secrets in christmas gift wrapping , it was testified . END
a UNK couple who call themselves peter UNK , UNK , and wife , joyce . END
( in washington , the federal bureau of investigation identified the UNK as morris and UNK UNK , an american couple formerly of new york city ) END
in their suburban cottage the crown charges , the UNK received secrets from the mystery man , usually on the first saturday evening of each month , and spent much of the week-end getting the secrets off to moscow , either on a powerful transmitter buried under the kitchen floor or as dots posted over period marks in used books . END
each dot on magnification resumed its original condition as a drawing , a printed page , or a manuscript . END
all five pleaded innocent . END
only miss gee asked for bail . END
her young british lawyer , james UNK , pleaded that she was UNK needed at her portland home by her widowed mother , 80 , her UNK aunt , also 80 and UNK for 20 years , and her uncle , 76 , who once ran a candy shop . END
`` i am not prepared to grant bail to any of them '' , said the UNK , UNK UNK . END
the trial will be held , probably the first week of march , in the famous old UNK central criminal court where UNK fuchs , the UNK british german born scientist who succeeded in giving american and british atomic bomb secrets to russia and thereby changed world history during the UNK , was sentenced to 14 years in prison . END
fourteen years is the maximum penalty now faced by the new five , who may have altered history in the UNK . END
fuchs , after nine and a half years , was released , being given time off for good behavior . END
he promptly went to communist east germany . END
the UNK tonight refused to return to the five UNK in american and british currency , mostly $20 bills , and in british government bonds and stocks . END
`` this is russian money '' , said UNK UNK for the attorney general's office . END
he asserted that the UNK were the bankers for moscow , UNK the red UNK , and the two civil servants the recipients for selling their country's secrets . END
`` of highest value '' END
the fact that secrets of the dreadnought , and thereby of the american UNK fleet , were involved in the spy case had been hinted at earlier . END
but just before luncheon today the fact was announced grimly by the british navy's chief adviser to the cabinet on underwater warfare , capt. george UNK . END
he said that drawings of the dreadnought and printed details about the ship were found reproduced in an undeveloped roll of film taken from UNK when he was arrested with the two civil servants outside the old vic theater saturday afternoon , jan. 7 . END
the information , he said , would have been of the highest value to a potential enemy . END
just how many sub secrets were being handed over when the ring , watched for six months , was broken remained UNK . END
the british defending lawyers , who today increased from three to four , demanded to know if they could make the information involved seem of little value to a jury , the chances of their clients would improve . END
so in the name of justice the UNK cleared the court of all except officials to allow the captain to elaborate for almost an hour . END
almost any information about the dreadnought would also reveal secrets about the american underwater fleet . END
britain began designing the ship in 1956 but got nowhere until the american government decided to end a ban on sharing military secrets with britain that had been imposed after fuchs UNK . END
the united states offered to supply a complete set of UNK equipment like that used in the skipjack . END
with the machinery went a complete design for the hull . END
the skipjack was a second generation atomic sub , much advanced on the UNK and the other four which preceded it . END
`` much of the navy's future depends upon her '' , an american naval announcement said on the UNK first arrival in british waters in august , 1959 , for exhibition to selected high officers at portland underwater research station . END
it was there that the two accused civil servants were at work . END
`` her basic hull form ( a UNK ) and her nuclear power plant will be used for almost all new submarines , including the potent polaris missile submarines '' , the statement went on . END
the atom reactor , water cooled , was the result of almost a decade of research at the naval reactors branch of the atomic energy commission and UNK electric corp. . END
thru development , the reactor and its steam UNK had been reduced greatly in size , and also in complexity , allowing a single UNK to be used , the navy said . END
the hull was also a result of almost a decade of work . END
it was first tried out on a conventional submarine , the UNK , in 1954 . END
the skipjack became the fastest submarine ever built . END
reputedly it could outrun , underwater , the fastest UNK . END
it could , reputedly , go 70,000 miles without UNK and stay down more than a month . END
it was of the hunter-killer type , designed to seek out ships and other submarines with its most advanced gear and destroy them with UNK . END
the navy captain disclosed also that a list of questions found in miss UNK purse would , if completed and handed back , have given the kremlin a complete picture `` of our current UNK effort and would have shown what we are doing in research and development for the future '' . END
the spy ring also was particularly interested in UNK , the underwater equipment for detecting submarines , it was testified . END
range was a vital detail . END
designs of parts were sought . END
six UNK told how , twice on two days after the ring was UNK , a transmitter near moscow was heard calling , using signals , times and wavelengths specified on codes found hidden in UNK UNK in UNK apartment and the UNK house and also fastened to the transmitter lid . END
oddly , the calls were still heard 11 days after the five were arrested . END
the charge that the federal indictment of three chicago narcotics detail detectives `` is the product of rumor , combined with UNK , and individual UNK '' on the part of the federal narcotics unit here was made yesterday in their conspiracy trial before judge joseph sam perry in federal district court . END
the three -- miles j. UNK , sheldon teller , and richard austin -- and eight other defendants are charged in six UNK with conspiracy to violate federal UNK laws . END
in his opening statement to a jury of eight women and four men , bernard h. sokol , attorney for the detectives , said that evidence would show that his clients were `` entirely innocent '' . END
' had to know UNK ' END
`` when they became members of the city police narcotics unit '' , sokol said , `` they were told they would have to get to know certain areas of chicago in which narcotics were sold and they would have to get to know people in the narcotics racket . END
they , on occasion , posed as addicts and UNK '' . END
although federal and city UNK agents sometimes worked together , sokol continued , UNK developed when they were `` aiming at the same criminals '' . END
this , he added , brought about `` petty UNK '' and `` petty personal UNK '' . END
`` in the same five year period that the united states says they ( the detectives ) were engaged in this conspiracy '' , sokol continued , `` these three young men received a total of 26 creditable mentions and many special UNK , and were nominated for the UNK tree award and the mayor's medal '' . END
in opening , d. arthur UNK , assistant united states attorney , read the indictment , but made no comments . END
attorneys for the eight other defendants said only that there was no proof of their UNK guilt . END
UNK and teller are accused of selling UNK worth of UNK to a convicted narcotics peddler , UNK UNK , 45 , of UNK indiana av. . END
among other acts , teller and austin are accused of paying $800 to UNK . END
the first witness , moses winston UNK , UNK michigan av. , a real estate agent and former bail UNK , took the stand after opening statements had been made . END
but court UNK after he testified he introduced james white and UNK hope UNK , two of the defendants , and also introduced UNK to UNK UNK , a man mentioned in the indictment but not UNK . END
UNK robinson , 23 , of UNK stewart av. , a cta bus driver , was slugged and robbed last night by a group of youths at UNK street and south park way . END
robinson was treated at a UNK office for a cut over his left eyebrow and a possible UNK knee . END
his losses included his money bag , containing UNK to $50 and his UNK UNK . END
robinson told policemen james jones and morgan lloyd of the wabash avenue district that 10 youths boarded his south bound express bus in front of dunbar vocational high school , 30th street and south park way , and began `` UNK '' . END
when UNK street was reached , robinson related , he stopped the bus and told the youths he was going to call the cta supervisor . END
as he left the bus with his money bag , robinson added , the largest youth UNK him , a quarrel ensued , and the youth knocked him down . END
then the youths fled with his money . END
mrs. blanche UNK , 60 , who has spent 25 years in the dwight UNK for women for the murder in 1935 of her son-in-law , UNK UNK , then 28 , appealed for a parole at a hearing yesterday before two illinois pardon and parole board members , john m. UNK and joseph UNK . END
she had been sentenced to 180 years in prison , but former gov. UNK UNK her term to 75 years , making her eligible for parole , as one of his last acts in office . END
mrs. UNK admitted the UNK and said that the son-in-law became her lover after the death of her daughter in 1934 . END
it was when he attempted to end the relationship that the murder took place . END
the son of a wealthy evanston executive was fined $100 yesterday and forbidden to drive for 60 days for leading an evanston policeman on a high speed chase over icy evanston and UNK streets jan. 20 . END
the defendant , william l. stickney 3 , 23 , of UNK park UNK , evanston , who pleaded guilty to reckless driving , also was ordered by judge james UNK to attend the evanston traffic school each tuesday night for one month . END
stickney is a salesman for UNK , inc. , UNK green bay UNK , evanston , a food UNK and grocery chain firm , of which his father , william l. jr. , is president . END
patrolman james f. simms said he started in pursuit when he saw young stickney speeding north in stewart avenue at central street . END
at jenks street , simms said , the car UNK completely around , just missed two parked cars , and sped east in jenks . END
the car spun around again , simms said , before stickney could turn north in prairie avenue , and then violated two stop lights as he traveled north into UNK in prairie . END
st. johns , mich. , april 19 . END
-- a jury of seven men and five women found UNK richard pohl guilty of manslaughter yesterday in the UNK UNK of mrs. anna hengesbach . END
pohl received the verdict without visible emotion . END
he returned to his cell in the county jail , where he has been held since his arrest last july , without a word to his UNK attorney , jack walker , or his guard . END
the verdict brought vindication to the dead woman's UNK , vincent hengesbach , UNK , who was tried for the same crime in december , 1958 , and released when the jury failed to reach a verdict . END
mrs. hengesbach was killed on aug. 31 , 1958 . END
hengesbach has been living under a cloud ever since . END
when the verdict came in against his young neighbor , hengesbach said : END
`` i am very pleased to have the doubt of suspicion removed . END
still , i don't wish to appear happy at somebody else's misfortune '' . END
hengesbach , who has been living on welfare recently , said he hopes to rebuild the farm which was settled by his grandfather in UNK , 27 miles southwest of here . END
hengesbach has been living in grand ledge since his house and barn were burned down after his release in 1958 . END
pohl confessed the UNK while being questioned about several fires in the UNK area by state police . END
he also admitted killing mrs. hengesbach . END
however , the confession , which was the only evidence against him , was UNK before the trial . END
assistant prosecutor fred lewis , who tried both the hengesbach and pohl cases , said he did not know what would be done about two UNK charges pending against pohl . END
circuit judge paul r. cash did not set a date for UNK . END
pohl could receive from 1 to 15 years in prison or probation . END
walker said he was considering filing a motion for a new trial which would contend that the verdict was against the weight of the evidence and that there were several errors in trial procedure . END
a verdict against pohl came at UNK p.m. after almost UNK hours of UNK . END
the jury , which was locked up in a motel overnight , was UNK at the request of walker after the verdict was announced . END
the jury foreman , mrs. olive UNK , of rural elsie , said that a ballot was not even taken until yesterday morning and that the first day of UNK was spent in going over the evidence . END
she said the jurors agreed that UNK confession was valid . END
the jury asked judge cash to send in his written definition of the difference between first and UNK murder and manslaughter . END
the verdict came three hours later . END
some 30 spectators remained in the court during the day and were on hand to hear the verdict read . END
the trial had packed the large UNK for more than a week . END
a sterling township family of six surviving children , whose mother died yesterday as the aftermath to a fire that also killed one of the children , found today they had the help of hundreds of neighbors and school friends . END
while neighbor women assumed some of the dead mother's duties , fund-raising events were being planned by a UNK association and a student council for the UNK henry kowalski family , UNK UNK . END
mrs. eleanor kowalski , 42 , died yesterday afternoon in holy cross hospital of burns suffered in a fire that followed a UNK gas explosion saturday night at the flat of her widowed mother , mrs. mary UNK , in the adjoining suburb of warren . END
funeral services for mrs. kowalski and her daughter , UNK , 11 , who died of burns at the same hospital monday , have been scheduled for 10 a.m. tomorrow in st. anne's catholic church , UNK mound , in warren . END
the mother and daughter , who will be buried side by side in mt. UNK cemetery , rested together today in closed UNK at the UNK elliott funeral home , UNK mound , warren . END
mrs. UNK , 61 , remained in holy cross hospital as a result of the explosion , which occurred while mrs. kowalski UNK a cook stove in the UNK small upstairs flat at UNK eight mile road east . END
assistant fire chief chester cornell said gas fumes apparently were UNK by a candle which one of the three kowalski girls present held for her mother , because the flat lacked electricity . END
UNK twin sister , patricia , and UNK kowalski , 8 , escaped with minor burns . END
they are home now with the other kowalski children , UNK , 14 ; ; END
UNK , 6 ; ; END
eleanor , 2 ; ; END
and UNK , 1 . END
`` all we have left in the world is one another , and we must stay together the way mother wanted '' , kowalski said in telling his children of their mother's death yesterday afternoon . END
kowalski , a UNK who seldom worked last winter , already was in arrears on their recently purchased UNK home when the tragedy staggered him with medical and funeral bills . END
neighbor women , such as mrs. sidney baker , UNK UNK , sterling township , have been supplying the family with meals and handling household chores with UNK UNK , mrs. anna kowalski , UNK david , east detroit . END
another neighbor , mrs. frank c. smith , UNK pall UNK , sterling township , surprised kowalski by coming to the home yesterday with $135 collected locally toward the UNK funeral costs . END
john c. houghton , president of the UNK acres UNK association , followed that by announcing plans last night for a UNK fund drive throughout their subdivision on behalf of the kowalski family . END
houghton said 6 p.m. friday had been set for a UNK of all UNK homes in the subdivision , which is located northeast of UNK and 14 mile road east . END
he said contributions also could be mailed to post office box UNK , warren village station . END
UNK kowalski meanwhile learned that several of her fellow students had collected almost UNK for her family during the lunch hour yesterday at UNK junior high school , UNK fourteen mile road east . END
principal clayton w. UNK said he would allow a further collection between classes today , and revealed that UNK club past surpluses had been used to provide a private hospital nurse monday for mrs. kowalski . END
student council officers announced today the kowalski family would be given the combined proceeds from a school dance held two weeks ago , and another dance for UNK UNK students this friday night . END
`` UNK faculty is proud that this has been a spontaneous effort , started largely among the students themselves , because of fondness for UNK and sympathy for her entire family , UNK said . END
there also were reports of a collection at the county line elementary school , UNK UNK , which has been attended this year by four of the kowalski children including UNK . END
kowalski has spoken but little since the fire last saturday . END
but today he wanted to make a public statement . END
`` i never knew there were such neighbors and friends around me and my family . END
i wasn't sure there were such people anywhere in the world . END
i'll need more than a single day to find the words to properly express my thanks to them '' . END
an alert 10-year-old safety patrol boy was UNK by police today for his part in obtaining a reckless driving conviction against a youthful UNK . END
patrolman george kimmell , of mcclellan station , said he would recommend a special safety citation for ralph UNK , UNK UNK east , a third UNK at the UNK school , for his assistance in the case . END
kimmell said he and ralph were helping children across UNK at UNK monday afternoon when a car heading north on UNK stopped UNK inside the pedestrian UNK . END
kimmell ordered the driver to back up , watched the children safely across and was approaching the car when it suddenly `` took off at high speed '' , he said , narrowly missing him . END
UNK a passing car , kimmell pursued the fleeing vehicle , but lost it in traffic . END
returning to the school crossing , the officer was informed by the UNK boy that he recognized the driver , a neighbor , and had obtained the license number . END
the UNK later was identified as richard UNK , 17 , of UNK mcclellan , currently on probation and under court order not to drive . END
he was found guilty of reckless driving yesterday by traffic judge george t. murphy , who continued his UNK probation for another year and ordered him to spend 15 days in the detroit house of correction . END
the jail sentence is to begin the day after UNK graduates from eastern high school in june . END
the long crisis in laos appeared nearing a showdown today . END
britain announced that it is asking the soviet union to agree tomorrow to an immediate cease-fire . END
in vientiane , the royal laotian government decided today to ask its `` friends and neighbors '' for help in fighting what it called a new rebel offensive threatening the southeast asian kingdom . END
britain's plans to press russia for a definite cease-fire timetable was announced in london by foreign secretary lord home . END
he said britain also proposed that the international truce commission should be UNK , sent to new delhi and from there to laos to verify the cease-fire . END
a UNK conference on laos should then meet on may 5 , he said . END
the laos government plea for help was made by foreign minister UNK UNK . END
he indicated that requests would be made for more u.s. arms and more u.s. military advisers . END
he declared the government is thinking of asking for foreign troops if the situation UNK . END
one of the first moves made after a cabinet decision was to request the united states to establish a UNK military assistance group instead of the current civilian body . END
a note making the request was handed to u.s. ambassador UNK g. brown . END
the laos government said four major pathet lao rebel attacks had been launched , heavily supported by troops from communist north viet nam . END
the minister , describing the attacks which led up to the appeal , said that UNK communist north vietnamese were fighting royal army troops on one front -- near UNK , in UNK laos . END
there was no confirmation of such massive assaults from independent sources . END
in the past such government claims have been found exaggerated . END
havana , april 19 . END
-- two americans and seven cubans were executed by firing UNK today as castro military tribunals began UNK the death penalty for captured invasion forces and suspected collaborators . END
a havana radio broadcast identified the americans as howard anderson and august jack UNK . END
the UNK took place at dawn only a few hours after havana radio announced their conviction by a revolutionary tribunal at UNK del rio , where the UNK took place . END
the broadcast said anderson , a seattle UNK and havana businessman , and UNK , of miami , were condemned on charges of UNK arms to cuban rebels . END
anderson operated three havana automobile service stations and was commander of the havana american legion post before it UNK since the start of fidel castro's regime . END
anderson's wife and four children live in miami . END
UNK , 25 , was seized march 20 with four cubans and accused of trying to land a UNK of rifles in UNK del rio , about 35 miles from havana . END
at least 20 other americans were reported to have been arrested in a mass political UNK . END
among them were a number of newsmen , including henry UNK , of united press international , and robert UNK , of associated press . END
so many cubans were reported being swept into the castro UNK that the massive sports palace auditorium and at least one hotel were converted into makeshift UNK . END
more than 1,000 were said to have been arrested -- 100 of them roman catholic priests . END
of the millions who have served time in concentration camps in siberia as political prisoners of the soviet state , few emerge in the west to tell about it . END
m. UNK -- the name is a UNK -- was a teacher in UNK and a member of the UNK revolutionary federation ( UNK ) -- two reasons the communists put him away when they arrived in 1945 . END
today , m. UNK was in detroit , en route to join his wife and children in california . END
emory university's board of trustees announced friday that it was prepared to accept students of any race as soon as the state's tax laws made such a step possible . END
`` emory university's charter and UNK have never required admission or rejection of students on the basis of race '' , board chairman henry l. UNK stated . END
but an official statement adopted by the UNK emory board at its annual meeting friday noted that state taxing requirements at present are a UNK to accepting negroes . END
the statement explained that under the georgia constitution and state law , tax-exempt status is granted to educational institutions only if they are segregated . END
`` emory could not continue to operate according to its present standards as an institution of higher learning , of true university grade , and meet its financial obligations , without the UNK privileges which are available to it only so long as it conforms to the UNK constitutional and statutory provisions '' , the statement said . END
the statement did not mention what steps might be taken to overcome the legal obstacles to desegregation . END
an emory spokesman indicated , however , that the university itself did not intend to make any test of the laws . END
the georgia constitution gives the legislature the power to exempt colleges from property taxation if , among other criteria , `` all endowments to institutions established for white people shall be limited to white people , and all endowments to institutions established for colored people shall be limited to colored people '' . END
at least two private colleges in the atlanta area now or in the past have had integrated student bodies , but their tax-exempt status never has been challenged by the state . END
emory is affiliated with the methodist church . END
some church leaders , both clerical and lay , have criticized the university for not taking the lead in desegregation . END
the student newspaper , the emory wheel , as early as the fall of 1954 called for desegregation . END
`` from its beginning '' , the UNK statement said friday , `` emory university has assumed as its primary commitment a dedication to excellence in christian higher learning . END
teaching , research and study , according to highest standards , under christian influence , are paramount in the emory university policy . END
`` as a private institution , supported by generous individuals , emory university will recognize no obligation and will adopt no policy that would conflict with its purpose to promote excellence in scholarship and christian education . END
`` there is not now , nor has there ever been in emory university's charter or UNK any requirement that students be admitted or rejected on the basis of race , color or creed . END
insofar as its own governing documents are concerned , emory university could now consider applications from prospective students , and others seeking applications from prospective students , and others seeking the opportunity to study or work at the university , UNK of race , color or creed . END
`` on the other hand , emory university derives its corporate existence from the state of georgia . END
`` when and if it can do so without UNK constitutional and statutory UNK privileges essential to the maintenance of its educational program and facilities , emory university will consider applications of persons desiring to study or work at the university without regard to race , color or creed , continuing university policy that all applications shall be considered on the basis of intellectual and moral standards and other criteria designed to assure the orderly and effective conduct of the university and the fulfillment of its mission as an institution of christian higher education '' . END
a young man was killed and two others injured at midnight friday when the car they were riding slid into a utility pole on lake avenue near waddell street , ne , police said . END
the dead youth was identified as robert e. UNK , 19 , of UNK oak UNK UNK , aj . END
patrolman g. e. UNK said the car evidently slid out of control on UNK streets and slammed into the pole . END
the other occupants were james willard UNK , 18 , of UNK UNK de leon ave. , ne , and larry UNK barnett , 19 , of UNK hill st. , se , both of whom were treated at grady hospital for severe UNK and bruises . END
the atlanta negro student movement renewed its demands for movie theater integration friday and threatened UNK and `` UNK '' if negotiations failed . END
the demands were set forth in letters to seven owners of UNK theaters by the committee on appeal for human rights . END
' intend to attend ' END
`` we intend to attend the downtown theaters before the first of the year '' , the UNK worded letters said . END
the letters set a nov. 15 deadline for the start of negotiations . END
they indicated that UNK and UNK would be started if theater owners failed to cooperate . END
downtown and art theater managers and owners , contacted friday night for comment on the coahr request , said they had no knowledge of such a letter , and that it was not in the friday mail . END
however , three of the managers did say that they would agree to attend the proposed meeting if all of the other managers decided to attend . END
the coahr letter comes on the eve of a large gathering of theater managers and owners scheduled to begin here sunday . END
several theater operators said , however , that there is little likelihood of the subject being discussed during the UNK affair . END
student leaders began sporadic efforts to negotiate theater integration several months ago . END
charles a. black , coahr chairman , said friday that three theater representatives had agreed to meet with the students on oct. 31 but had failed to show up . END
he declined to name the three . END
UNK letters asked for a nov. 15 meeting . END
failure to attend the meeting or explain inability to attend , the letters said , would be considered a `` sign of indifference '' . END
black said coahr `` hoped to be able to integrate the theaters without taking direct action , but we are pledged to using every legal and UNK means at our disposal '' END
a prepared statement released by the student group friday stated that `` extensive research by coahr into techniques and methods of theater integration in other cities indicated that the presence of picket lines and UNK before segregated theaters causes a drop in profits '' END
besides managers of downtown theaters , the students sent letters to owners of art theaters in the uptown area and UNK . END
raymond e. UNK , 72 , died sunday at his home at UNK UNK st. , aj . END
mr. UNK was a foreman with s and w cafeteria . END
he was born in UNK , miss. , and was a veteran of world war 1 . END
he was a member of the baptist church . END
survivors include two brothers , c. e. UNK , atlanta , and john UNK , warren , ohio ; ; END
and two sisters , miss UNK UNK and mrs. UNK bloom , both of UNK , pa. . END
john william ball , 68 , of 133 UNK st. nw , apartment UNK , died sunday at his home . END
mr. ball was a house painter . END
he was a member of the UNK city methodist church and a native of atlanta . END
funeral services will be at 2 p.m. tuesday at UNK chapel with the rev. j. h. UNK UNK . END
survivors include his sister , mrs. emma b. UNK of atlanta . END
mrs. UNK m. harris , a native of atlanta , died sunday at her home in garland , tex. . END
survivors include a son , charles r. UNK , memphis , UNK ; ; END
two daughters , mrs. gene f. UNK and miss nancy harris , both of garland ; ; END
her father , h. t. simpson , UNK , UNK , and three sisters , mrs. w. e. little and mrs. hal b. UNK , both of atlanta , and mrs. bill wallace , wilmington , n.c. . END
a UNK atlanta man was arrested sunday after breaking into the home of relatives in search of his wife , hitting his uncle with a rock and UNK two police officers who tried to UNK him , police said . END
UNK j. w. slate and a. l. UNK jr. said they arrested ronald m. thomas , of UNK UNK st. , nw , after he assaulted the officers . END
the officers gave this account : END
thomas early sunday went to the home of his uncle and aunt , mr. and mrs. r. c. thomas , UNK blanche st. , nw , looking for his wife , margaret lou thomas , 18 , and their UNK baby . END
the younger thomas ripped a screen door , breaking the latch , and after an argument struck his uncle with a rock , scratching his face . END
he also struck his aunt and wife , and during the UNK the baby also suffered scratches . END
when police arrived the man was still violent , slate said . END
he attacked one of the officers and was restrained . END
about five minutes later he jumped up , slate said , and struck the two policemen again . END
he was then subdued and placed in the police car to be taken to grady hospital for treatment of scratches received in the UNK . END
then he attacked the two officers again and was again restrained , slate related . END
slate said he and UNK received cuts and scratches and their uniforms were badly torn . END
thomas was charged with four counts of assault and battery . END
two counts of assault on an officer , resisting arrest , disturbance and cursing , police said . END
a hearing was set for 30 a.m. tuesday . END
mrs. mary self , who knows more than any other person about the 5,000 city employes for whom she has kept personnel records over the years , has closed her desk and retired . END
over the weekend , mrs. self , personnel clerk , was a UNK and honored guest of the atlanta club , organization of women employes at city hall . END
after 18 years in the personnel office , she has taken a disability pension on advice of her doctors . END
as personnel clerk , she handled thousands of entries , ranging from appointments to jobs , to transfers to other UNK , to pensions . END
`` i have enjoyed it and will feel a bit lost at least for a while '' , she said wistfully friday . END
one of the largest crowds in the club's history turned out to pay tribute to mrs. self and her service . END
georgia's department of agriculture is UNK its fire ant UNK program in an effort to stay ahead of the UNK pest . END
the department is planning to expand its UNK program soon to four additional counties -- UNK , pierce , bryan and UNK -- to treat UNK acres UNK by the ants , according to w. e. UNK state UNK . END
UNK planes will spread a UNK chemical , UNK , over 30,000 acres in UNK , UNK acres in pierce and UNK acres in UNK and bryan counties . END
the UNK effort is being pushed in UNK and jones counties , over UNK acres . END
the department has just finished treating 20,000 acres in urban areas of macon . END
also being treated are houston , UNK , UNK , turner and dodge counties , UNK said . END
the fire ant is thought to UNK approximately two million acres of land in georgia , attacking crops , young wildlife and livestock and can be a serious health menace to humans who are UNK to its UNK , UNK said . END
the UNK entrance to the expressway at 14th street will be closed during the afternoon rush traffic hours this week . END
this is being done so that georgia tech can complete the final phase of a traffic survey on the north expressway . END
students have been using electric computers and high speed movie cameras during the study . END
perhaps the engineers can find out what causes all the congestion and suggest methods to eliminate it . END
incidentally , 14th street and the expressway is the high accident intersection during daylight hours . END
it is followed by UNK street and UNK avenue , ne ; ; END
the junction of the northeast and northwest UNK and jones avenue and UNK street , aj . END
four persons died in georgia weekend traffic UNK , two of them in a fiery crash near UNK , the state patrol said sunday . END
the latest death reported was that of UNK claude douglas UNK of UNK . END
troopers said the child ran into the path of a passing car a half-mile north of UNK on georgia 111 in grady county . END
that death occurred at 50 p.m. friday and was reported sunday , the patrol said . END
an auto UNK , UNK into a stopped UNK and burst into flames near UNK , the patrol said . END
bobby UNK UNK , 21 , of UNK 3 , UNK , and mrs. lucille UNK jones , 23 , of UNK , died in the flaming car , the patrol said . END
-- for a second month in a row , multnomah county may be short of general assistance money in its budget to handle an unusually high summer UNK need , the state public welfare commission was told friday . END
it is the only county in the state so far this month reporting a possible shortage in UNK category , for which emergency allotment can be given by the state if necessary . END
william smythe , director of field service , told the commissioners that multnomah , as of aug. 22 , had spent UNK out of its UNK UNK in the category , leaving only UNK for the rest of the month . END
at the rate of need indicated in the early weeks of the month , this could mean a shortage of as high as UNK . END
but it probably will be less because of a usual UNK during the last weeks of each month , smythe said . END
no request for emergency allotment had yet been received , however . END
the commission , meeting for the first time with both of its UNK commissioners , roy webster , of hood river , and dr. UNK UNK , of north bend , approved a year's contract for a consultant in the data processing department who has been the center of considerable controversy in the past . END
the contract with ray field , who has been UNK the agencies electronic data processing program to magnetic tape , would renew his present salary of UNK an hour up to a maximum of 200 hours a month . END
field does the planning for the machine operations and fiscal processes and the UNK of the data processing system to new programs as they are made necessary by legislative and policy changes . END
acting administrator andrew f. UNK said that because of UNK unique position and knowledge in the program , the agency now would be seriously handicapped if he was not continued for a period . END
but he emphasized that the agency must train people within its own employ to fulfill what field handles , and he said he personally `` UNK very much that the agency has not done this in the past '' . END
he pointed out to the commissioners that the agency was literally dependent now on the machine processing , `` and the whole wheels of the agency would stop if it broke down or the three or four persons directing it were to leave '' . END
UNK said he insisted field be continued on a consultant basis only and be UNK directly to the administrator of the agency and not to other agencies of the government . END
he also said that the salary , in terms of going rates in the field , was `` modest '' in terms of the man's responsibility . END
the conversion to magnetic tape is not yet completed , he said , and added UNK long service in state government and welfare employ gave him familiarity with the welfare program . END
`` do you feel you can stand up to the next legislative session and defend this contract '' ? ? END
asked mrs. grace o. peck , representative from multnomah county , of the commission chairman , joseph e. harvey jr. . END
`` my feeling at the moment '' , he said , `` is that we have no alternative , UNK of some of the arguments about him . END
the continued operation of this program depends on having his service '' . END
mrs. peck , later joined by the UNK UNK , mrs. lee patterson , took harvey to task for comments he had made to the north portland rotary club tuesday . END
a publicity release from oregon physicians service , of which harvey is president , quoted him as saying the welfare office move to salem , instead of `` crippling '' the agency , had provided an avenue to correct administrative weaknesses , with the key being improved communications between f & a and the commission staff . END
`` i rather resent '' , she said , `` you speaking to those groups in portland as though just the move accomplished this . END
i think you fell short of the real truth in the matter : that the move is working out through the fine cooperation of the staff and all the people . END
the staff deserves a lot of credit working down here under real obstacles '' . END
harvey said his objective was to create a better public image for welfare '' . END
the wife of convicted bank UNK lawrence g. huntley was arrested in phoenix , ariz. , last week and will be returned to portland to face charges of assault and robbery , portland detectives said friday . END
mrs. UNK huntley is accused of driving the UNK car used in a robbery of the UNK UNK grocery , UNK e. burnside st. , in april of 1959 . END
her husband , who was sentenced to 15 years in the federal prison at UNK island last april for robbery of the UNK branch of multnomah bank , also was charged with the store UNK . END
secret grand jury UNK were returned against the pair last week , detective murray UNK reported . END
the phoenix arrest culminates more than a year's investigation by detective william taylor and other officers . END
taylor said mrs. huntley and her husband also will be questioned about a series of 15 portland UNK in spring of 1959 in which the UNK men bound their victims with tape before fleeing . END
mrs. huntley was held on $20,000 bond in phoenix . END
she was arrested by phoenix police after they received the indictment papers from portland detectives . END
a UNK girl , susan elaine smith , UNK ne UNK st. was in serious condition friday at UNK UNK hospital , victim of a UNK collision in the UNK shopping center , parking area , deputy sheriff w. h. UNK reported . END
funeral for william joseph brett , 1926 ne UNK ave. , who died thursday in portland , will be monday 1 p.m. at the UNK abbey . END
mr. brett , born in brooklyn , n.y. , dec. 15 , UNK , came to portland in 1920 . END
he owned a logging equipment business here from 1923 to 1928 , and later became northwest district manager for UNK co. . END
he retired in 1958 . END
survivors are his widow , alice ; ; END
a son , william , seattle , wash. ; ; END
three sisters , mrs. eugene UNK , los angeles , mrs. lucy brett andrew , new york city , and mrs. beatrice UNK , new york city , and five grandchildren . END
employes of montgomery ward & co. at the UNK , in a national labor relations board election thursday voted to UNK local UNK , retail clerks international association , afl-cio , as their collective bargaining agent . END
the UNK said that of 11 potentially eligible voters eight voted against the union , two voted for it , and one vote was challenged . END
monte brooks , UNK , theatrical producer and band leader , collapsed and died thursday in a lloyd center restaurant . END
he lived at UNK n. UNK blvd. . END
for many years he had provided music and entertainment for functions throughout the northwest . END
these included oregon state fair , for which he had been booked on and off , for 30 years . END
he collaborated with many of the big name UNK visiting portland , among the most recent being jimmy UNK and phil UNK . END
he had conducted the UNK band in a series of concerts at blue lake park during the summer months . END
mr. brooks was born in new york , and came to portland in 1920 . END
he planned at one time to enter the legal profession , but gave up the plan in favor of the entertainment field . END
he was a member of harmony lodge , no. 12 , af & am , scottish rite ; ; END
al UNK temple of the shrine ; ; END
order of UNK , lodge no. UNK ; ; END
40 & 8 UNK , no. 25 , UNK union , local 99 . END
he was a former commander of UNK heights , post , and a member of UNK UNK congregation . END
survivors are his widow , UNK ; ; END
a son , sheldon brooks ; ; END
a daughter , mrs. sidney s. stein jr. , UNK , calif. ; ; END
a sister , mrs. birdie UNK ; ; END
two brothers , charley and aaron cohn , san francisco ; ; END
services will be at 30 p.m. monday at UNK & son funeral home , with UNK in UNK UNK cemetery . END
the family requests that flowers be omitted . END
a UNK portland businessman and his junior achievement company , have been judged the `` company of the year '' in national competition completed this week at ohio state university , columbus , ohio . END
tim larson , a junior at wilson high school and president of UNK , is the young executive who guided his firm to the UNK position over the UNK other junior achievement companies in the united states and canada . END
the award is the first such honor in the UNK history of UNK activities in portland , according to ralph UNK , local executive director for junior achievement . END
UNK , UNK by UNK corp. , had previously taken UNK honors in both local competition and the regional conference at san francisco . END
the `` UNK '' company set records with UNK in sales of its products , a selection of barbecue UNK , and paid stockholders a 20 per cent dividend on their investment . END
the junior achievement program is designed to give teenagers practical experience in business by allowing them actually to form small companies , under the guidance and sponsorship of business firms . END
the youngsters sell stock , produce and sell a product , pay taxes , and show a profit or loss just like UNK businesses . END
national competition was the culmination of work which began with the school year last fall and continued until just before summer vacation . END
participants in the 27 portland companies worked one night a week through the school year , guided and UNK by adult advisors drawn from local business and industry . END
over 400 portland firms contributed funds for the maintenance of junior achievement headquarters here . END
for winning larson will receive a $100 u.s. savings bond from the junior achievement national organization . END
his company , UNK , will receive a $250 award , which will be distributed among the 16 charter members . END
advisors for the `` national champion '' company were john k. morgan , william h. baker , leonard UNK and william f. UNK , all of UNK corp. . END
young larson is the son of mr. and mrs. lawrence larson , UNK UNK nevada UNK , portland . END
other members of the portland delegation attending the conference in columbus are : UNK mason , jefferson high school ; ; END
phil UNK , madison high school ; ; END
ann UNK , madison ; ; END
richard e. cohn , grant ; ; END
UNK UNK , franklin ; ; END
and UNK UNK , cleveland . END
-- washington UNK UNK annual fair will close saturday evening with 4-h and UNK awards program at 7 , public dance at 8 and variety show at 8:30 . END
on the day's schedule are a flower show , 4-h UNK contest and UNK shows , the latter at 11 a.m. and 3 p.m. . END
attendance continued to run ahead of last year's during the UNK show , with clear skies helping attract UNK . END
exhibition ballroom dancers from the studio of helen wick UNK of hillsboro won the UNK talent contest . END
bill davis quartet of hillsboro was second and baton UNK sue ann UNK of UNK third . END
UNK from the UNK east end failed to place . END
UNK jossy of north plains won grand champion honors of the 4-h sheep UNK contest . END
blue ribbons went to UNK shaw of hillsboro , larry UNK of beaverton . END
joan UNK of hillsboro , UNK jossy of north plains , jane cox of north plains . END
kathy jossy of hillsboro , UNK jossy of north plains and UNK and tom UNK of hillsboro . END
tom day of beaverton exhibited the grand champion 4-h market UNK , a chester white . END
also winning blue ribbons were bob day of beaverton , tony UNK of beaverton and UNK hutchins of banks . END
UNK showmanship championship went to bob day , with tom day and hutchins winning other blues . END
charles reynolds of UNK ridge was rabbit showmanship champion . END
in poultry judging , blues were won by john UNK of UNK , anne UNK of hillsboro , jim shaw of hillsboro , UNK shaw of hillsboro and lynn robinson of UNK . END
blue ribbon for one dozen white eggs was taken by UNK . END
in open class poultry , donald UNK of UNK had the champion male and female bird and grand champion bird . END
john UNK & son of UNK was the only UNK in open class UNK and swept all UNK . END
UNK strong , 13 , of UNK mill cooked the championship junior dollar dinner . END
millie UNK , high school senior from UNK , had the championship dollar dinner , and UNK UNK of hillsboro also won a blue ribbon . END
barbara UNK of UNK took top senior individual home economics honors with a demonstration called UNK hats . END
about 70 north providence taxpayers made appeals to the board of tax assessors for a review of their 1961 tax assessments during the last two days at the town hall in UNK . END
these were the last two days set aside by the board for hearing appeals . END
appeals were heard for two days two weeks ago . END
about 75 persons appeared at that time . END
louis h. UNK , clerk of the board , said that the appeals will be reviewed in december at the time the board is visiting new construction sites in the town for assessment purposes . END
they also will visit properties on which appeals have been made . END
any adjustments which are made , mr. UNK said earlier this month , will appear on the balance of the tax bill since most of the town's taxpayers take the option of paying quarterly with the balance due next year . END
john UNK , 69 , of UNK UNK avenue , providence , complained of shoulder pains after an accident in which a car he was driving UNK with a car driven by antonio UNK , 25 , of 12 UNK st. , providence , on UNK avenue and cherry hill road in johnston yesterday . END
mr. UNK had started to turn left off UNK avenue onto cherry hill road when his car was struck by the UNK car , police said . END
both cars were slightly damaged . END
mr. UNK was taken to a nearby johnston physician , dr. allan a. UNK , who treated him . END
mr. UNK was UNK . END
thieves yesterday UNK a home in the garden hills section of cranston and stole an estimated UNK worth of furs , UNK , foreign coins and american dollars . END
mr. and mrs. stephen m. UNK reported the theft at their home on 41 garden hills drive at about 6 last night . END
they told police the UNK took a mink coat worth $700 , a black persian lamb jacket worth UNK ; ; END
a wallet with UNK in it ; ; END
a collection of english , french and german coins , valued at $500 ; ; END
four rings , a watch and a set of pearl UNK . END
one of the rings was a white gold band with a diamond setting , valued at UNK . END
the others were valued at UNK , $75 and UNK . END
the watch was valued at UNK and the UNK at UNK . END
the UNK told police they left home at 8 a.m. and returned about 45 p.m. and found the house had been entered . END
patrolman robert j. UNK , who investigated , said the thieves broke in through the back door . END
drawers and cabinets in two bedrooms and a sewing room were UNK . END
the city sewer maintenance division said efforts will be made sunday to clear a UNK in a sewer connection at UNK and UNK streets responsible for dumping raw sewage into the providence river . END
the division said it would be impossible to work on the line until then because of the large amount of acid sewage from UNK plants in the area flowing through the line , heavy vehicle traffic on UNK street and tide conditions . END
a UNK house at UNK UNK street has been purchased by brown university from lawrence j. sullivan , according to a deed filed monday at city hall . END
f. morris UNK , university vice president and business manager , said the house has been bought to provide rental housing for faculty families , particularly for those here for a limited time . END
employes of UNK garbage and rubbish collection contractor UNK the UNK UNK site yesterday in the second day of a strike for improved wages and working conditions . END
thomas UNK , head of rhode island UNK service , inc. , said four of the company's eight trucks were making collections with both newly hired and regular workers . END
sydney larson , a staff representative for the united steel workers , which the UNK 25 workers joined before striking , said the state labor relations board has been asked to set up an election to pick a bargaining agent . END
a UNK UNK man , lester e. stone of 19 beverly circle , was in satisfactory condition last night at our lady of UNK hospital , north providence , with injuries suffered when a car he was driving struck a utility pole on UNK avenue in north providence near stevens street . END
mr. stone suffered UNK ribs and chest cuts , hospital authorities said . END
he was taken to the hospital by the north providence ambulance . END
before hitting the pole , mr. UNK car brushed against a car driven by UNK w. UNK , 21 , of 23 maple ave. , north providence , tearing away the rear UNK and UNK the left rear fender of the UNK car , police said . END
mr. UNK was UNK . END
the impact with the utility pole caused a brief power failure in the immediate area of the accident . END
one house was without power for about half an hour , a narragansett electric co. spokesman said . END
the power was off for about five minutes in houses along smith street as far away as fruit hill avenue shortly before 5 p.m. when the accident occurred . END
the fight over the warwick school UNK appointment of a coordinator of UNK education may go to the state supreme court , it appeared last night . END
two members of the UNK majority on the school board said they probably would vote to appeal a ruling by the state board of education , which said yesterday that the school committee acted UNK in its appointment of the coordinator , francis p. UNK 3rd , the UNK committee chairman , could not be reached for comment . END
in its ruling , the state board of education upheld dr. michael f. UNK , state commissioner of education , who had ruled previously that the warwick board UNK when it named maurice f. UNK as coordinator of UNK education without first finding that the school UNK candidate was not suitable . END
UNK clarence s. taylor had recommended roger i. UNK for the post . END
milton and UNK UNK of cranston were awarded UNK UNK from the state in superior court yesterday for industrial property which they owned at UNK UNK ave. , providence , and which was condemned for use in construction of interstate route 95 . END
the award was made by judge fred b. UNK who heard their petition without a jury by agreement of the parties . END
the award , without interest , compared with a valuation of UNK placed on the property by the property UNK real estate expert , and a valuation of UNK placed on it by the state's expert . END
the property included a one-story brick manufacturing building on UNK square feet of land . END
UNK UNK represented the owners . END
atty. gen. j. joseph nugent appeared for the state . END
UNK UNK in charge of the UNK santa UNK fund are looking for the usual generous response this year from cranston residents . END
persons who find it convenient may send their contributions to the UNK cranston office at UNK park avenue . END
all contributed will be acknowledged . END
the UNK statewide quota this year is UNK to provide christmas gifts for needy youngsters . END
scores of cranston children will be remembered . END
cranston residents have been generous contributors to the fund over the years . END
public school children have adopted the fund as one of their favorite christmas charities and their pennies , UNK , UNK and quarters aid greatly in helping santa to reach the UNK goal . END
bernard UNK , 20 , of 19 fletcher ave. , cranston , was admitted to roger williams hospital shortly before UNK a.m. yesterday after a hunting accident in which a shotgun he was carrying discharged against his heel . END
mr. UNK was given first aid at johnston hose 1 . END
( UNK ) where he had been driven by a companion . END
the two had been hunting in the UNK area of town and mr. UNK dropped the gun which fired as it struck the ground . END
hospital officials said the injury was severe but the youth was in good condition last night . END
a check for UNK representing the last payment of a UNK federal grant to rhode island hospital was presented to the hospital administrator , oliver g. pratt , yesterday by governor notte . END
the hospital has used the money to assist in alterations on the fifth floor of the jane brown hospital , part of rhode island hospital . END
the work added eight beds to the hospital , giving it a total capacity of UNK general beds . END
vincent UNK , founder and board chairman of the UNK UNK co. , has been designated a UNK of the order of merit of the republic of italy . END
the decoration will be presented by a. UNK , italian UNK general in boston , at a ceremony at 30 p.m. on dec. 7 at the plant , which this year is celebrating its golden anniversary . END
about 500 employes of the firm will be on hand to witness bestowal of the honor upon mr. UNK . END
mr. UNK will be honored on the evening of dec. 7 at a dinner to be given by the UNK club at the UNK hotel . END
the UNK UNK picket escort UNK has arrived back at newport after three months' patrol in north atlantic waters marked by mercy jobs afloat and ashore . END
on sept. 6 , the UNK rescued the crew of a UNK they found drifting on a life raft after they had abandoned a sinking ship . END
in august while stopping in UNK , scotland , three members of the crew on liberty rendered first aid to a girl who fell from a train . END
local authorities credited the men with saving the girl's life . END
birmingham , ala. -- ( ap ) END
-- the fbi yesterday arrested on a UNK charge one of the members of the jury that failed to reach a verdict in the `` freedom rider '' bus burning trial four weeks ago . END
u.s. attorney macon weaver said the federal complaint , charged that the juror gave false information when asked about UNK UNK UNK membership during selection of jury . END
he identified the man as lewis martin parker , UNK , a farmer of UNK , ala. . END
eight men were tried together in u.s. district court in anniston , ala. , on charges of interfering with interstate transportation and conspiracy growing out of a white UNK attack on a UNK bus carrying the first of the freedom riders . END
the bus was burned outside anniston . END
one of the eight defendants was freed on a directed verdict of UNK . END
a UNK was declared in the case against the other seven when the jury was unable to agree on a verdict . END
the arrest of mr. parker marks the third charge of UNK involving the jury that heard the case . END
the first incident occurred before the trial got under way when judge h. UNK UNK told the jury panel he had heard reports of UNK efforts . END
he asked members of the panel to tell him if anyone outside the court had spoken to them about the case . END
two members of the panel later told in court about receiving telephone calls at their homes from anonymous persons expressing interest in the trial . END
neither was seated on the jury . END
then , when the case went to the jury , the judge UNK one of the jurors , saying the juror had told him he had been UNK by masked men at his motel the night before the trial opened . END
the juror said the masked men had advised him to be UNK . END
the judge replaced the juror with an alternate . END
no formal charges have been filed as a result of either of the two reported incidents . END
at the opening of the trial , the jury panel was questioned as a group by mr. weaver about UNK UNK UNK connections . END
one member of the panel -- not mr. parker -- indicated he had been a member of the UNK at one time . END
he was not seated on the jury . END
the UNK charge against mr. parker carries a maximum penalty of $2,000 fine and five years imprisonment on conviction . END
new york -- ( upi ) END
-- the new york university board of trustees has elected the youngest president in the UNK history of UNK , it was announced yesterday . END
the new president is UNK dr. james UNK UNK , currently dean of the UNK graduate school of arts and sciences . END
he will take over his new post jan. 1 . END
dr. UNK , also one of the youngest men ever to head a major american university , succeeds dr. carroll v. UNK who resigned last september to join UNK inc. publishing firm . END
dr. UNK , of princeton , UNK , is a native of chester , pa. he joined UNK in september , 1960 . END
prior to that he was associated with long island university in brooklyn . END
vast spraying programs conducted by `` technicians with narrow training and little wisdom '' are UNK crops and wildlife , carl w. buchheister , president of the national audubon society , said today . END
`` it is like handing a loaded automatic to an UNK and telling him to run out and play '' , he commented . END
buchheister told delegates to the west coast audubon convention that aerial spraying in louisiana failed to destroy its target , the fire ant . END
`` but it did destroy the natural controls of a UNK and released a new plague that wrecked a sugar cane crop '' , he said . END
the conservation leader said other mistakes in spraying had caused serious damage in ohio and wyoming . END
there have even been serious errors in the u. s. forest service , whose officials pride themselves in their scientific training , he added . END
`` the news of their experiments reaches the farmers who , forgetting that birds are the most efficient natural enemies of insects and UNK , are encouraged to try to get rid of all birds that occasionally peck their grapes or their UNK '' , buchheister told the delegates . END
in addition to urging greater restrictions on aerial spraying , buchheister called for support of the wilderness bill , creation of national seashore parks , including point UNK ; ; END
preservation of the UNK where birds breed ; ; END
a UNK UNK act ; ; END
stronger water pollution control programs , and federal ratification of an international convention to halt pollution of the sea by oil . END
the reed rogers da UNK wild life sanctuary in marin county on friday officially became the property of the national audubon society . END
mrs. norman UNK , president of the marin conservation league , handed over the deed to the UNK UNK tract south of UNK beach to carl w. buchheister , president of the society . END
the presentation was made before several hundred persons at the annual meeting of the league at UNK hall , college of marin , UNK . END
buchheister pledged the land would be an `` UNK '' sanctuary for all birds , animals and plants . END
seventeen years ago today , german scientist willy fiedler climbed into a makeshift cockpit installed in a UNK UNK that was attached to the UNK of a UNK bomber . END
the world war 2 , german bomber rolled down a runway and took off . END
the only way fiedler could get back to earth alive was to fly the pulse jet missile and land it on the UNK . END
this had never been done before . END
now a UNK , middle-aged man , fiedler is an UNK engineer for UNK missiles and space division at UNK , where he played a key role in the development of the navy's polaris missile . END
he sat in his office yesterday and recalled that historic flight in 1944 . END
`` the first two pilots had crashed '' , he said . END
`` i had developed the machines and therefore knew them . END
it was time to go up myself '' . END
fiedler was then technical director of hitler's UNK `` UNK project '' , which remained unknown to the allies until after the war . END
about 200 of the special UNK UNK were to be made ready for manned flight with an explosive UNK . END
the target was allied shipping -- a desperate effort to UNK off the allied invasion of europe . END
the success of the project depended upon UNK flight . END
squeezed into the few cubic feet normally filled by the UNK automatic guidance mechanism , the scientist waited while the bomber gained altitude . END
at UNK feet , fiedler UNK `` release '' , and started the roaring UNK engine -- then streaked away from beneath the UNK . END
to the german pilot in the bomber the rocket became a faint black speck , hurtling through the sky at the then incredible speed of UNK m.p.h. . END
it was probably man's first successful flight in a missile . END
`` she flew beautifully '' , said fiedler . END
`` there was only one power control -- a UNK to adjust the fuel flow . END
i had exactly 20 minutes to get down to the test strip '' . END
using a steering system that controlled the modified UNK tail surfaces and wings equipped with UNK , fiedler was to land the missile on a UNK especially bolted under the UNK . END
he managed to maneuver the missile to a landing speed of 200 m.p.h. -- fast even for a modern jet plane touchdown -- and banked into the airfield . END
moments later the UNK skimmed across the landing strip , edging closer and closer to a touchdown -- then in a UNK of dust it landed . END
fiedler went on to make several other test flights before german pilots took over the UNK missiles . END
the missiles were to be armed with an underwater bomb . END
pilots would steer them in a suicide dive into the water , striking below the UNK of individual ships . END
a crack corps of 50 pilots was formed from the ranks of volunteers , but the project was halted before the end of the war , and the missiles later fell into allied hands . END
now a family man with three children , fiedler lives in a quiet residential area near the UNK plant at UNK . END
his spare time is spent in soaring UNK . END
`` it's so quiet '' , he said , `` so slow , serene -- and so challenging '' . END
john di UNK has been elected president of the 1961 columbus day celebration committee , it was announced yesterday . END
other officers are angelo j. UNK , vice president , joseph v. UNK , treasurer , and fred j. UNK , secretary . END
judge john b. UNK was named chairman of the executive committee . END
elected to the board of directors were : END
UNK p. UNK , UNK UNK , leo m. UNK , UNK UNK , joseph UNK , UNK j. de martini , grace UNK , john p. UNK , john p. UNK jr. , stephen UNK , john UNK , UNK UNK , angelo UNK , frank UNK , and george r. UNK . END
dr. albert schweitzer , UNK theologian and medical missionary , has endorsed an easter march for disarmament which begins tomorrow in UNK . END
members of the san francisco american friends service , a quaker organization , will march to san francisco for a rally in union square at 2 p.m. saturday . END
in a letter to the american friends service , dr. schweitzer wrote : END
`` leading nations of the west and of the east keep busy making newer nuclear weapons to defend themselves in the event the constantly threatening nuclear war should break out . END
`` they cannot do otherwise than live in dread of each other since these weapons imply the possibility of such UNK surprise attack . END
the only way out of this state of affairs is agreement to abolish nuclear weapons ; ; END
otherwise no peace is possible . END
`` governments apparently do not feel obligated to make the people adequately aware of this danger ; ; END
therefore we need guardians to demonstrate against the ghastly stupidity of nuclear weapons and jolt the people out of their complacency '' . END
a federal grand jury called 10 witnesses yesterday in an investigation of the affairs of ben stein , 47 , who collected big fees as a `` labor consultant '' and operator of a UNK service . END
before he testified for 20 minutes , stein , who lives at UNK lake shore dr. , admitted to reporters that he had a wide acquaintance with crime syndicate UNK . END
among his UNK buddies , he said , were joseph ( UNK ) UNK , a mob labor UNK , and four gang gambling chiefs , UNK ( slim ) alex , ralph pierce , joe ( caesar ) UNK , and jimmy ( monk ) UNK . END
another UNK , louis UNK , drew UNK from stein's janitor firm , the national maintenance company , in three years ending in 1959 , stein disclosed in an interview . END
`` i put UNK on the payroll because he promised to get my firm the UNK account at navy UNK '' , stein said . END
`` but UNK never was able to produce it , so i cut him off my payroll '' . END
other witnesses , after appearances before the jury , which reportedly is probing into possible income tax UNK , disclosed that government UNK were attempting to UNK stein and his company with a number of gangsters , including UNK and alex . END
the federal lawyers , according to their witnesses , also were tracing stein's fees as a labor consultant . END
under scrutiny , two of the witnesses said , were payments and loans to stein's national maintenance company at UNK madison st. . END
the company supplies UNK and workmen for mccormick place and factories , liquor firms , and other businesses . END
among the witnesses were ed j. lee , director of mccormick place ; ; END
jerome leavitt , a partner in the union liquor company , UNK s. UNK av. , UNK UNK , a UNK union slugger who is a buddy of stein and a cousin of tony UNK , UNK gang chief ; ; END
and frank w. UNK , operator of a UNK dominated UNK firm , the best sanitation and supply company , UNK blue island av. . END
lee said he had told the jury that he made an agreement in april with stein to supply and supervise UNK in mccormick place . END
stein's fee , lee said , was 10 per cent of the UNK pay . END
stein estimated this amount at `` about $1,500 or UNK a month '' . END
leavitt , as he entered the jury room , said he was prepared to answer questions about the UNK his liquor firm paid to stein for `` labor consultant work '' with five unions which organized UNK workers . END
leavitt identified the unions as a UNK local , the teamsters union , a UNK union , the UNK union , and a UNK UNK union . END
government attorneys , leavitt said , have questioned him closely about `` five or six loans '' totaling about UNK which the liquor company made to stein in the last year . END
all of the loans , in amounts up to $5,000 each , have been UNK by stein , according to leavitt . END
stein said he needed the money , leavitt said , to `` meet the payroll '' at national maintenance company . END
the UNK firm run by UNK has offices in the headquarters of UNK UNK taxi UNK union at UNK blue island av. . END
the radiation station of the chicago board of health recorded a reading of 1 UNK of radiation per cubic meter of air over chicago yesterday . END
the reading , which has been watched with interest since russia's UNK of a super bomb monday , was 4 on tuesday and 7 last saturday , a level far below the danger point , according to the board of health . END
the weather bureau has estimated that radioactive fallout from the test might arrive here next week . END
a board of health spokesman said there is no reason to believe that an increase in the level here will occur as a result of the UNK . END
UNK allen huff , 41 , of UNK lake av. , UNK , was arrested yesterday on a suppressed federal warrant charging him with UNK an UNK amount of money from the first federal savings and loan association , 1 s. UNK st. , where he formerly was employed as an attorney . END
federal UNK estimated that the amount may total $20,000 , UNK a spokesman for the association estimated its loss at approximately $10,000 . END
UNK attorney , UNK f. gregorio , quoted his client as saying that part of the UNK represented money paid to huff , as attorney for the loan association , in satisfaction of UNK UNK on property on which the association held mortgages . END
huff told gregorio that he took the money to pay `` the ordinary bills and expenses of suburban living '' . END
huff , who received a salary of UNK a week from the loan association from october of 1955 until september of this year , said that his private practice was not UNK . END
huff lives with his wife , sue , and their four children , 6 to 10 years old , in a $25,000 home with a UNK mortgage . END
the complaint on which the warrant was issued was filed by leo UNK , an attorney for the association . END
the shortage was discovered after huff failed to report for work on sept. 18 . END
on that date , according to gregorio , huff left his home and took a room in the new lawrence hotel at UNK lawrence av. . END
there , gregorio said , huff wrote a complete statement of his offense . END
later , huff UNK three checks for $100 each at the sherman house , using a credit card . END
when huff attempted to cash another $100 check there monday , hotel officials called police . END
bonn , oct. 24 ( upi ) END
-- greece and west germany have ratified an agreement under which germany will pay UNK to greek victims of nazi persecution , it was announced today . END
probably the hottest thing that has hit the dallas investment community in years was the morton foods stock issue , which was sold to the public during the past week . END
for many reasons , the demand to buy shares in the UNK company was tremendous . END
it was not a case of the investment bankers having to sell the stock ; ; END
it was more one of UNK a few shares to a number of customers and explaining to others why they had no more to sell . END
investors who wanted 100 shares in many cases ended up with 25 , and customers who had put in a bid to buy 400 shares found themselves with 100 and counted themselves lucky to get that many . END
in fact , very few customers , anywhere in the nation , were able to get more than 100 shares . END
some dallas investment firms got only 100 shares , for all of their customers . END
a measure of how hot the stock was , can be found in what happened to it on the market as soon as trading began . END
the stock was sold in the UNK at a price of UNK a share . END
the first UNK trade wednesday afternoon at UNK , UNK & turner , the managing UNK , was at UNK a share . END
and from that the stock moved right on up until it was trading thursday morning at around UNK a share . END
but the morton foods issue was hot long before it was on the market . END
indeed , from the moment the reports of the coming issue first started circulating in dallas last january , the inquiries and demand for the stock started building up . END
letters by the UNK came in from investment firms all over the nation , all of them wanting to get a part of the shares that would be sold ( UNK to the public at UNK , with another 5,000 reserved for morton foods employes at UNK a share ) . END
there was even a cable in french from a bank in switzerland that had somehow learned about the dallas stock offering . END
`` we UNK 500 shares of morton foods of texas . END
cable confirmation '' , it said translated . END
but UNK could not let the swiss bank have even 10 shares . END
after it allotted shares to 41 underwriters and 52 selling group members from coast to coast there were not many shares for anyone . END
but the result of it all was , UNK partner dean UNK believes , an effective distribution of the stock to owners all over the nation . END
`` i feel confident the stock will qualify for the ' national list ' '' , he said , meaning its market price would be quoted regularly in newspapers all over the country . END
he was also pleased with the wide distribution because he thought it proved again his argument that dallas investment men can do just as good a job as the big new york investment bankers claim only they can do . END
but what made the morton foods stock issue such a hot one ? ? END
the answer is that it was a combination of circumstances . END
first , the general stock market has been boiling upward for the last few months , driving stocks of all kinds up . END
as a result , it is not easy to find a stock priced as the morton issue was priced ( at roughly 10 times 1960 earnings , to yield a little over 5 per cent on the UNK anticipated dividend ) . END
second , the `` potato chip industry '' has caught the fancy of investors lately , and until morton foods came along there were only two potato chip stocks -- UNK and h. w. lay -- on the market . END
both of those have had dynamic UNK in price on the market in recent months , both were selling at higher UNK and yield bases than morton was coming to market at , and everyone who knew anything about it expected the morton stock to have a fast UNK . END
and third , the potato chip industry has taken on the flavor of a `` growth '' industry in the public mind of late . END
foods , which long had been considered `` recession resistant '' but hardly dynamic stocks , have been acting like growth stocks , going to higher UNK ratios . END
the potato chip industry these days is growing , not only as a result of population increase and public acceptance of convenience foods , but also because of a combination of circumstances that has led to growth by merger . END
the history of the u.s. potato chip industry is that many of today's successful companies got started during the deep depression days . END
those that remain are those that were headed by strong executives , men with the abilities to last almost 30 years in the competitive survival of the UNK . END
but today many of those men are reaching retirement age and suddenly realizing that they face an estate tax problem with their closely held companies and also that they have no UNK management in their firms . END
so they go looking for mergers with other firms that have publicly quoted stock , and almost daily they pound on the doors of firms like UNK . END
all those things combined to make the morton foods stock the hot issue that it was and is . END
now , if UNK newest product , a corn chip known as UNK , turns out to sell as well as its stock did , the stock may turn out to be worth every cent of the prices that the UNK buyers bid it up to . END
dallas and north texas is known world-wide as the manufacturing and distribution center of cotton gin machinery and supplies , valued in the millions of dollars . END
more than 10 companies maintain facilities in dallas and one large manufacturer is located to the north at sherman . END
it is no coincidence that the texas cotton UNK association is meeting here this week for the UNK time in their UNK history . END
the exhibition of cotton ginning machinery at the state fair grounds is valued at more than a million dollars . END
it weighs in the tons , so the proximity of factory and exhibition area makes it possible for an outstanding exhibit each year . END
a modern cotton gin plant costs in the neighborhood of UNK , and it's a safe assumption that a large percentage of new UNK in the u.s. and foreign countries contain machinery made in this area . END
the murray co. of texas , inc. , originated in dallas in 1896 . END
they've occupied a UNK site since the early UNK . END
more than 700 employees make gin machinery that's sold anywhere cotton is grown . END
murray makes a complete line of ginning equipment except for UNK and cleaners , and this machinery is purchased from a UNK firm . END
the continental gin co. began operations in dallas in UNK . END
the present company is a combination of several smaller ones that date back to 1834 . END
headquarters is in birmingham , ala. . END
factories are located here and in UNK , ala. . END
about 40 per cent of the manufacturing is done at the dallas plant by more than 200 employes . END
the company sells a complete line of gin machinery all over the UNK world . END
UNK co. of sherman makes a full line of gin machinery and equipment . END
the firm recently expanded domestic sales into the southeastern states as a result of an agreement with UNK gin co. . END
the company began operation in 1900 with hardware and oil mill supplies . END
in 1930 , they began making cotton processing equipment . END
presently , UNK employs UNK people , depending on the season of the year . END
the UNK cotton gin co. has had a sales and service office in dallas since 1912 . END
factory operations are in columbus , ga. . END
the district office here employs about 65 . END
the moss UNK lint cleaner co. and UNK unit system of ginning have joint headquarters here . END
the cleaner equipment firm began operations in 1953 and the unit system , which turns out a complete ginning system , began operations in 1959 . END
UNK manufacturing operations are in UNK . END
the john e. mitchell co. began work in dallas in 1928 . END
the firm is prominent in making equipment for cleaning seed cotton , UNK , and UNK , and they lay claim to being the first maker ( 1910 ) of boil extraction equipment . END
the increase in mechanical UNK of cotton makes cleaning and drying equipment a must for modern gin operation . END
mitchell employs a total of about 400 people . END
they export cotton ginning machinery . END
the UNK gin supply co. is a maker of `` overhead equipment '' . END
this includes UNK , cleaners , burr UNK , UNK and piping that's located above gin stands in a complete gin . END
the firm began operations back in 1925 and sells equipment in the central cotton belt , including the mississippi delta . END
the UNK gin supply co. has home offices and factory facilities here . END
they make gin UNK and deal in parts , supplies and some used gin machinery . END
the stacy co. makes cleaning and drying equipment for sale largely in texas . END
they've been in dallas since 1921 . END
cotton belt gin service , inc. of dallas makes gin UNK and started here 14 years ago . END
they distribute equipment in 11 states . END
the firm also handles gin and oil mill supplies such as UNK , bearings , etc. . END
cotton processing equipment is a sizable segment of dallas business economy . END
new car sales in dallas county during march showed slight signs of recovering from the UNK which have characterized sales this year . END
UNK of new cars in dallas county cracked the 3,000 mark in march for the first time this year . END
totaling UNK , sales jumped 14 per cent over UNK UNK . END
however , compared with march 1960 new car sales of UNK , this march was off 23 per cent . END
on a UNK comparison , the first quarter of 1961 total of UNK cars was 21 per cent behind the previous year's UNK total of UNK . END
this UNK decline for dallas county closely follows the national trend -- estimated sales of domestic cars in the u.s. for first three months of 1961 were about UNK or 80 per cent of the total in the first quarter a year earlier . END
with the march pickup , dealers are optimistic that the UNK quarter will equal or top last year . END
the march gain plus this optimism has been encouraging enough to prompt auto makers to boost production schedules for the next quarter . END
on the local level , UNK continue to grab a larger share of the market at the expense of UNK standard models and foreign cars . END
only three standard models -- UNK , UNK , and mercury -- had slight UNK gains in march sales in the county . END
the top 3 students from 11 participating dallas county high schools will be honored by the dallas sales executives club at a banquet at 6 p.m. tuesday in the sam houston room of the UNK hotel as the club winds up its annual UNK education project . END
now in its third year , the program is designed to provide a laboratory for those youngsters seeking careers in marketing and salesmanship . END
business firms provide 20 weeks of practical employment to supplement classroom instruction in these fields . END
more than 500 juniors and UNK are taking part in the program and 100 firms offer jobs on an educational rather than a need basis . END
principal address will be delivered by UNK t. UNK , national sales manager for UNK UNK corp. of new york . END
the 33 honored students are : mike UNK , raymond UNK , and ronald UNK of bryan adams , janice whitney , UNK UNK , and carl david page of w. h. UNK ; ; END
bill burke , UNK freeman , and lawrence UNK of n. r. UNK UNK UNK thompson , UNK UNK , and nancy UNK of UNK ; ; END
arnold hayes , mary ann UNK , and lloyd UNK of thomas jefferson ; ; END
william UNK , UNK UNK UNK , and UNK earl UNK of north dallas ; ; END
patricia ann neal , johnny carruthers , and david UNK of UNK of UNK ; ; END
david UNK , UNK UNK , and james weaver of w. w. UNK ; ; END
william austin , gary UNK , and ronnie davis of south oak cliff ; ; END
bill UNK , UNK milton , and ronnie UNK stone of sunset ; ; END
and charles potter , ronnie moore , and robert UNK of woodrow wilson . END
the kennedy administration's new housing and urban renewal proposals , particularly their effect on the federal housing administration , came under fire in dallas last week . END
the administration's proposals , complex and sweeping as they are , all deal with fringe areas of the housing market rather than its core , stated UNK s. UNK , first vice-president of the mortgage bankers association of america . END
-- `` the present recovery movement will gather steady momentum to lift the economy to a new historic peak by this autumn '' , UNK w. UNK , economist of harris trust & savings bank , chicago , predicted at the closing session here tuesday of investment bankers UNK , california group , conference . END
another speaker , william h. draper , jr. , former under secretary of the army and now with the UNK alto venture capital firm of draper , UNK & anderson , urged the u.s. to `` throw down the UNK of battle to communism and tell moscow bluntly we won't be pushed around any more '' . END
he urged support for president kennedy's requests for both defense and foreign aid appropriations . END
' not flash in pan ' END
UNK told UNK that the recent improvement in economic activity was not a `` temporary flash in the pan '' but the beginning of a substantial UNK expansion that will carry the economy back to full employment levels and witness a renewal of our traditional growth pattern . END
`` in view of the current expansion , which promises to be substantial '' he said the odds appear to favor rising interest rates in coming months , but `` there is reason to believe the change will not be as abrupt as in 1958 nor as severe as in late 1959 and 1960 '' . END
UNK strongly UNK the current UNK thesis that we are facing a future of limited and slow growth , declaring that this pessimism `` is based on very limited and questionable evidence '' . END
rather than viewing the UNK recovery in UNK as a reason for believing we have lost prospects for growth '' , he said `` it should be viewed as a lesson well learned which will increase the probability of substantial improvement in this recovery '' . END
he cautioned that `` the greater danger in this recovery may be excessive stimulation by government which could bring moderate inflation '' . END
the economist does not look for a drastic switch in the budget during this recovery and believes it `` even more unlikely that the federal reserve will UNK UNK monetary policy in the early phases of the upturn as was the case in 1958 '' . END
the unsatisfactory UNK expansion , he said , was not due to inadequate growth forces inherent in our economy but rather to the adverse effect of inappropriate economic policies combined with UNK decisions resulting from the steel strike . END
draper declared , `` as i see it , this country has never faced such great dangers as threaten us today . END
we must justify our heritage . END
we must be ready for any needed sacrifice '' . END
he said that from his experience of two years with gen. clay in west berlin administration , that `` russia respects our show of strength , but that presently we're not acting as we should and must '' . END
he called the cuban tractor plan an outright UNK action , and noted that in war `` you can't buy yourself out and that's what we're trying to do '' . END
while he declined to suggest , how , he said that sooner or later we must get rid of castro , `` for unless we do we're liable to face similar situations in this hemisphere . END
its the start of a direct threat to our own security and i don't believe we can permit that '' . END
new york ( ap ) END
-- stock market tuesday staged a technical recovery , UNK all of UNK losses in the associated press average and making the largest gain in about two weeks . END
analysts saw the move as a continuation of the recovery drive that got under way late monday afternoon when the list sank to a UNK `` support level '' represented by around UNK in the dow jones industrial average . END
it was a level at which some of the investors standing on the UNK were thought likely to buy the UNK issues represented in the averages . END
although it looked like a routine technical UNK to wall UNK it was accompanied by some good news . END
a substantial rise in new orders and sales of durable goods was reported for last month . END
treasury secretary douglas dillon said the economy is expected to advance by a UNK UNK next year , UNK the way for lower taxes . END
the dow jones industrial average advanced UNK to UNK . END
of UNK issues traded , UNK advanced and UNK declined . END
new UNK for the year totaled nine and new UNK 14 . END
trading was comparatively dull throughout the day . END
volume UNK to UNK million shares from UNK million monday . END
a UNK billion advertising budget in an $800 billion economy was envisioned for the UNK here tuesday by peter g. peterson , head of one of the world's greatest camera firms , in a key address before the american marketing UNK . END
however , peterson , president of bell & UNK , warned 800 u.s. marketing leaders attending a national conference at the ambassador , that the future will belong to the UNK of creative and `` UNK wisdom '' . END
`` as we look to the $800 billion economy that is predicted for UNK and the increase of about 40% in consumer expenditures that will be required to reach that goal , management can well be restless about how this tremendous volume and number of new products will be created and UNK '' , peterson said . END
`` with this kind of new product UNK , the premium for brilliant product planning will obviously go up UNK '' . END
the executive paid tribute to research and development and technology for their great contributions in the past , but he also cautioned industry that they tend to be great UNK because they move at a fairly even pace within an industry and fail to give it the short-term advantage which it often needs . END
peterson said america has nothing to fear in world competition if it dares to be original in both marketing and product ideas . END
he cited , as an example , how the american camera industry has been able to meet successfully the competition of japan despite lower japanese labor costs , by improving its production know-how and technology . END
he also used as an example the manufacturer who introduced an UNK camera in germany , with the result that it became the best selling camera in the german market . END
election of howard l. taylor to membership in pacific coast stock exchange , effective tuesday , has been announced by thomas p. UNK , president of the exchange . END
taylor , president and voting UNK of taylor and co. , beverly hills , has been active in the securities business since 1925 . END
union oil co. of california tuesday offered UNK million in debentures to the public through a group of underwriters headed by dillon , read & co. , to raise money to retire a similar amount held by gulf oil corp. . END
UNK holdings could have been converted into UNK shares of union oil common upon surrender of debentures plus cash , according to union . END
under the new offering , only $60 million in debentures are convertible into UNK common shares . END
the new offering tuesday consisted of $60 million worth of UNK debentures , due june 1 , UNK , at 100% , and $60 million of UNK convertible subordinated debentures due june 1 , UNK , at 100% . END
the convertible debentures are convertible into common shares at UNK a share by june 1 , 1966 ; ; END
UNK by UNK ; ; END
$75 by UNK ; ; END
UNK by UNK ; ; END
UNK by UNK , and UNK thereafter . END
new york ( ap ) END
-- american stock exchange prices enjoyed a fairly solid rise but here also trading UNK . END
volume was UNK million shares , down from UNK UNK million . END
gains of UNK were posted for UNK and republic foil . END
UNK camera and UNK chemical gained UNK each . END
-- i bought 50 shares of diversified growth stock fund on oct. 23 , 1959 , and 50 more shares of the same mutual fund on feb. 8 , 1960 . END
something has gone wrong some place . END
i am getting dividends on only 50 shares . END
in other words , i am getting only half the dividends i should . END
-- write to the UNK UNK bank -- the first national bank of jersey city , UNK . END
that bank handles most of the paper work for diversified growth stock fund , fundamental investors , diversified investment fund and UNK fund . END
the bank installed a magnetic tape electronic data processing system to handle things . END
but it seems that this `` electronic brain '' wasn't `` UNK '' correctly . END
this resulted in a great number of errors . END
and letters began to come in to this column from UNK UNK . END
i visited the bank in march and wrote a story about the situation . END
at that time , the people at the bank said they felt that they had the situation in hand . END
they indicated that no new errors were being made and that all old errors would be corrected `` within 60 days '' . END
that UNK period is over and letters are still coming in from UNK of these four funds , complaining about mistakes in their accounts . END
maybe it's taking longer to get things squared away than the bankers expected . END
any UNK of any of these funds who finds a mistake in his account certainly should get in touch with the bank . END
doyle cannot undertake to reply to inquiries . END
he selects UNK or general interest to answer . END
-- alfred hayes , president of the federal reserve bank of new york , said tuesday `` there is no present need for far-reaching reforms '' which would basically alter the international financial system . END
hayes said that if a way can be found to deal effectively with short-term capital movements between nations , `` there is no reason , in my judgment why the international financial system cannot work satisfactorily for at least the foreseeable future '' . END
-- new york central railroad president alfred e. UNK said tuesday his line would face the threat of bankruptcy if the chesapeake & ohio and baltimore & ohio railroads merge . END
UNK said bankruptcy would not be an immediate effect of the merger , but could possibly be an ultimate effect . END
the railroad president made the statement in an interview as the interstate commerce commission opened round 2 of its hearing into the c & UNK request to control and then merge with the b & aj . END
`` all these kind of things weaken us '' , UNK said . END
board chairman howard simpson of the baltimore & ohio railroad co. , testified the b & o was in its worst financial condition since the depression years and badly needed the economic lift it would get from consolidation with the chesapeake & ohio railroad . END
`` the financial situation of the baltimore & ohio , has become precarious -- much worse than at any time since the depression of the UNK '' , he told the hearing . END
c & o president walter j. UNK was summoned back for UNK by new york central attorneys before examiner john bradford who is hearing the complex case . END
the new york central also has asked the UNK to permit it to gain control of the b & aj . END
central was rebuffed by the other two railroads in previous attempts to make it a UNK merger . END
the proposed c & UNK & o railroad would make it the UNK second largest . END
-- the government's short-term borrowing costs rose with UNK weekly offering of treasury bills . END
on $1.1 billion of UNK bills , the average yield was UNK . END
the rate a week ago was UNK . END
washington , march 11 ( upi ) . END
-- `` consumer uncertain about economic conditions '' . END
this was the chief reason for a so-so sales outlook given by two-thirds of 56 builders UNK by the national housing center . END
other reasons mentioned by one-third or more of the builders were `` resistance to high interest rates , cost advantage of buying over renting has narrowed , shelter market nearing saturation and prospects unable to qualify '' . END
the poll was taken at the UNK annual UNK intentions conference . END
it disclosed that the builders : END
expect their own production volume , and presumably sales , to jump 30 percent in 1961 . END
look for home building nationally to advance less than 10 percent this year from 1960's UNK UNK housing starts . END
the industry has said 1960 was a poor year . END
starts were down 20 percent from 1959 . END
why the discrepancy between the UNK forecasts for themselves and for the industry ? ? END
the reason , says the housing center , is that the builders invited to the intentions conference `` are generally among the more successful businessmen , and usually do somewhat better than their fellow builders '' . END
-- farm machinery dealer bob UNK UNK back in a battered chair and tells of a sharp pickup in sales : `` we've sold four corn UNK since labor day and have good prospects for 10 more . END
we sold only four UNK all last year '' . END
UNK UNK , UNK of mr. UNK in this farm community , says his business since august 1 is running 50% above a year earlier . END
`` before then , my sales during much of the year had UNK behind 1960 by 20% '' , he says . END
though the sales gains these two dealers are experiencing are above average for their business , farm equipment sales are climbing in most rural areas . END
paradoxically , the sales rise is due in large measure to government efforts to UNK farm output . END
although the administration's program cut crop acreage to the lowest point since 1934 , farmers , with the help of extra fertilizer and good weather , are getting such high yields per acre that many are being forced to buy new UNK machines . END
fields of corn and some other crops in many cases are so dense that older equipment cannot handle them efficiently . END
the higher price supports provided by the new legislation , together with rising prices for farm products , are pushing up farm income , making it possible for farmers to afford the new machinery . END
seven of the eight companies that turn out full lines of farm machinery say sales by their dealers since the start of august have shown gains averaging nearly 10% above last year . END
`` in august our dealers sold UNK more farm machinery than a year earlier and in september retail sales were UNK higher than last year '' , says mark v. UNK , farm equipment vice president of international UNK co. . END
for the year to date , sales of the company's farm equipment dealers still UNK about 5% behind 1960 . END
two of three report gains END
among individual dealers questioned in nearly a score of states , two out of three report their sales since august 1 show sizable gains from a year earlier , with the increases ranging from 5% to 50% . END
not all sections are showing an UNK , however ; ; END
the UNK north central states are the most notable exceptions to the UNK . END
the significance of the pickup in farm machinery sales extends beyond the farm equipment industry . END
the demand for farm machinery is regarded as a UNK of rural buying generally . END
farmers spend more of their income on tractors and implements than on any other group of products . END
more than 20 million people live on farms and they own a fourth of the nation's trucks , buy more gasoline than any other industry and provide a major market for home appliances , chemicals and other products . END
farmers are so eager for new machinery that they're UNK less over prices than they did a year ago , dealers report . END
`` farmers aren't as price conscious as last year so we can get more money on a sale '' , says jack martin , who sells j. i. case tractors and implements in sioux city , iowa . END
`` this morning , we allowed a farmer $600 on the old UNK he traded in on a new UNK model . END
last year , we probably would have given him $700 for a comparable machine '' . END
mr. martin sold 21 tractors in august ; ; END
in august of 1960 , he sold seven . END
with dealer stocks of new equipment averaging about 25% below a year ago , the affects of the rural recovery are being felt almost immediately by the country's farm equipment manufacturers . END
for example , farm equipment shipments of international UNK in august climbed about 5% above a year earlier , mr. UNK reports . END
tractor production at UNK , ltd. , of toronto in july and august rose to UNK units from UNK in the like period a year earlier , says john UNK , vice president . END
with the lower dealer inventories and the UNK demand some manufacturers believe there could be UNK of some implements . END
UNK d. hill , ford motor co. vice president , says his company is starting to get calls daily from dealers demanding immediate delivery or wanting earlier shipping dates on orders for corn UNK . END
except for a few months in late 1960 and early 1961 , retail farm equipment sales have trailed UNK levels since the latter part of 1959 . END
the rise in sales last winter was checked when the government's new feed grain program was adopted ; ; END
the program resulted in a UNK of around 20% in planted acreage and , as a result , reduced the immediate need for machines . END
nearly all of the farm equipment manufacturers and dealers say the upturn in sales has resulted chiefly from the recent improvement in crop prospects . END
total farm output for this year is officially forecast at UNK of the UNK average , three points higher than the july 1 estimate and exactly equal to the final figure for 1960 . END
the government also is aiding farmers' income prospects . END
agriculture department economists estimate the government this year will hand farmers UNK billion in special UNK and incentive payments , well above the record $1.1 billion of 1958 and about double the UNK million of 1960 . END
price support loans may total another $1 billion this year . END
with cash receipts from UNK expected to be slightly above 1960 , farmers' gross income is estimated at UNK billion , UNK billion above 1960's record high . END
net income may reach UNK billion , up $1 billion from 1960 and the highest since 1953 . END
the government reported last week that the index of prices received by farmers rose in the month ended at UNK for the third consecutive month , reaching UNK of the UNK average compared with UNK at UNK . END
kennedy UNK any widespread relief from a high court depletion ruling . END
the supreme court decision in UNK was in the case of a company making sewer pipe from clay which it UNK . END
the company , in figuring its taxable earnings , deducted a percentage of the revenue it received for its finished products . END
such `` depletion allowances '' , in the form of percentages of sales are authorized by tax law for specified raw materials producers using up their assets . END
the high court held that the company must apply its percentage allowance to the value of the raw materials removed from the ground , not to the revenue from finished products . END
a measure passed by congress just before UNK softened the UNK impact , on UNK returns still under review , for UNK companies that make brick and tile products . END
the measure allows such companies in those years to apply their mineral depletion allowances to 50% of the value of the finished products rather than the lower value of raw clay alone . END
president kennedy , in signing the relief measure into law , stressed he regarded it as an exception . END
`` my approval of this bill should not be viewed as establishing a precedent for the enactment of similar legislation for other mineral industries '' , the president said . END
charitable deductions come in for closer scrutiny by the UNK . END
the service announced that taxpayers making such claims may be called on to furnish a statement from the recipient organization showing the date , purpose , amount and other particulars of the contribution . END
requests for UNK , the service indicated , can be especially expected in cases where it suspects the donor received some material benefit in return , such as tickets to a show . END
in such an instance , UNK stressed , the deduction must be reduced by the value of the benefit received . END
a rule on the federal UNK of state taxes is UNK . END
a UNK corporation in louisiana owed no tax , under federal law , on its gain from the sale of property disposed of in line with a plan of liquidation . END
louisiana , however , collected an income tax on the profits from the sale . END
the corporation , in filing its final federal income return , claimed the state tax payment as a deductible expense , as permitted under u.s. tax law . END
the revenue service UNK the claim , invoking a law provision that generally bars deductions for expenses incurred in connection with what it said was tax-exempt income . END
the tax court rejected this view . END
it said the UNK of the gain in this case UNK not from the exempt status of the income but from a special rule on corporate UNK . END
the tax court decision and a similar earlier finding by the ninth circuit court of appeals challenges a UNK UNK ruling on the subject . END
the service has not said what its next step will be . END
peace corps volunteers are assured a tax benefit under the law creating the agency . END
it provides that the UNK termination payment each cadet is to get , after serving a two-year hitch without pay , will be spread over both years , not taxed in its entirety at a possibly higher rate in the year received . END
the owner of a public relations firm owed no income tax on payments he received from a client company and `` kicked back '' to the company's advertising manager , the tax court ruled . END
the taxpayer testified that in order to retain the account he had to pad his UNK and pay the excess to the manager . END
the court upheld the UNK contention that these `` UNK '' were not his income though they passed through his hands . END
the court limited its decision to the tax issue involved , commenting : `` it is not our province to pass judgment on the morality of the transaction '' . END
a portable kerosene range designed for use aboard boats is sold with a special UNK to keep it from moving with the motion of the vessel . END
the revenue service said the addition of the attachment does not keep the range from coming under the federal UNK excise tax on UNK appliances . END
hiring the wife for one's company may win her UNK retirement income . END
a UNK employed by a corporation her husband controls , for example , may be entitled to distributions under the company's pension plan as well as to her own social security coverage . END
she would be taxed on the pensions when received , of course , but the company's contributions would be tax-free . END
a frequent UNK in this sort of arrangement , experts warn , is a tendency to pay the wife more than her job is worth and to set aside an excessive amount for her as retirement income . END
in that event , they note , the revenue service might declare the pension plan is UNK and deny it tax privileges under the law . END
possible UNK : the company could be denied a deduction for its pension payments , or those payments for the wife and other employes could be ruled taxable to them in the year made . END
state UNK : voters in four counties containing and bordering denver authorized the imposition of an additional 2% sales tax within that area . END
colorado has a 2% sales tax . END
denver itself collects a UNK sales tax which is to be absorbed in the higher area tax . END
the washington state supreme court ruled that the state's occupation tax applied to sales , made at cost to an oil company , by a UNK subsidiary set up to purchase certain supplies without UNK the identity of the parent . END
the state's occupation tax is computed on gross sales . END
the court held that the tax applied to UNK sales because the corporations realized economic benefits by doing business as two separate entities . END
-- consumer spending edged down in april after rising for two consecutive months , the government reported . END
the commerce department said UNK adjusted sales of retail stores dropped to slightly under UNK billion in april , down UNK from the march level of more than UNK billion . END
april sales also were 5% below those of april last year , when volume reached a record for any month , UNK billion ( see chart on page one ) . END
the seasonal adjustment takes into account such factors as easter was on april 2 this year , two weeks earlier than in 1960 , and UNK buying was pushed into march . END
commerce department officials were inclined to explain the april sales decline as a reaction from a surge of consumer buying in march . END
adjusted sales that month were up a relatively steep UNK from those of the month before , which in turn were slightly higher than the january low of UNK billion . END
greer garson , UNK star of stage , screen and television , will be honored for the high standard in UNK sophisticated fashion with which she has created a high standard in her profession . END
as a neiman-marcus award winner the UNK miss garson is a UNK of the individual look so important to fashion this season . END
she will receive the 1961 `` oscar '' at the 24th annual neiman-marcus exposition , tuesday and wednesday in the grand ballroom of the UNK hotel . END
the only woman recipient , miss garson will receive the award with UNK UNK , creator of chic , beautiful women's fashions ; ; END
harry UNK , president of the UNK hat corporation and designer of men's hats ; ; END
sydney UNK , creator of sophisticated UNK for women and roger UNK , designer of christian UNK shoes paris , france , whose squared toes and lowered heels have UNK the shoe industry . END
the silver and UNK plaques will be presented at noon UNK by stanley marcus , president of neiman-marcus , UNK of the proceeds from the two UNK will be the dallas society for crippled children cerebral UNK treatment center . END
the attractive greer garson , who loves beautiful clothes and selects them as carefully as she does her professional roles , prefers UNK classical designs . END
occasionally she deserts the simple and elegant for a fun piece simply because `` it's unlike me '' . END
in private life , miss garson is mrs. e. e. UNK and on the go most of the time commuting from dallas , where they maintain an apartment , to their california home in los UNK suburban UNK to their ranch in UNK , new mexico . END
therefore , her wardrobe is largely mobile , to be packed at a moment's notice and to shake out without a UNK . END
her UNK in fashion are from many designers because she doesn't want a complete wardrobe from any one designer any more than she wants `` all of her pictures by one painter '' . END
a favorite is norman UNK , however . END
she likes his classic UNK . END
her favorite cocktail dress is a UNK , a black and white UNK and silk jersey . END
UNK suits rate high because they are designed for her UNK silhouette . END
she also likes the UNK and charm of designs by UNK chapman and helen rose . END
UNK is her favorite european designer . END
`` i bought my first dress from him when i was still a struggling young actress '' , she UNK . END
`` i like his clothes for their drama and simplicity and appreciate the great impact he has on fashion '' . END
black and white is her favorite color combination along with lively glowing UNK , reds , blues and greens . END
of UNK descent , greer garson was born in county down , ireland . END
her mother was a greer and her father's family came from the UNK isles . END
reared in england , she studied to be a teacher , earned several scholarships and was graduated with honors from the university of london . END
she took UNK work at the university of UNK in france and then returned to london to work on market research with an advertising firm . END
her acting began with the birmingham repertory company and she soon became the toast of the west end . END
among stage performances was a UNK role in `` golden arrow '' directed by noel coward . END
it was during `` old music '' at the st. james theater that hollywood's louis b. mayer spotted her . END
after signing a UNK contract , she came to america and had `` goodbye , mr. UNK '' as her first assignment after a year's wait . END
other UNK include `` random harvest '' , `` madame UNK '' , `` pride and prejudice '' , `` the forsythe saga '' and `` mrs. UNK '' ( which won her the academy award in 1943 ) . END
honors that have come to greer garson are countless . END
just this april she was nominated for the seventh time for an academy award for her portrayal of eleanor roosevelt in `` sunrise at UNK '' . END
she gave a fine portrayal of UNK UNK on broadway in 1958 and has appeared in live television from `` captain UNK conversion '' to `` UNK '' . END
she is in madame UNK UNK in london , a princess of the UNK tribe and an UNK colonel in many states . END
she is adept at UNK shooting , trout fishing , UNK and oriental dancing and UNK archaeology . END
she now serves on the board of directors of the dallas symphony orchestra and the dallas theater center and on the board of trustees of the dallas museum of fine arts . END
she is state chairman for the new mexico tuberculosis and cancer associations . END
both miss garson and her UNK husband are active supporters of boys clubs of america and patrons of the vivid art and opera colony that flourishes in new mexico . END
back in college , today's handsome UNK was the only male member of a texas tech class on food . END
the pretty UNK must have UNK him all day long -- but he UNK kept his eye on the gravy . END
last october he gave a public speech in washington , d.c. entitled `` are women here to stay '' ? ? END
so you can see that UNK g. ramsey , director of UNK food services , is not the ordinary type of UNK , UNK chef . END
he is apt to rear back and claim his rights . END
ramsey , as UNK food wrangler , buys enough UNK to serve UNK meals a week . END
tell that to the little wife when she UNK at the woman's burden ! ! END
he also dishes up 3,000 UNK . END
and he operates three UNK in the student center , along with UNK dining hall and the UNK tables . END
ramsey , UNK , UNK and UNK slim , says , `` i can't remember when i didn't UNK my mother to teach me to cook '' . END
he was in charge of the UNK school meals from 1946 to 1950 , before he moved to aj . END
and you'll notice that in both places , there are acres of charming young ladies who with little effort spice up any UNK line . END
what does he feed his smu football UNK at the training table ? ? END
`` mostly meat and potatoes -- they have to have that UNK without getting too fat '' , says ramsey . END
so he hides the UNK . END
and to keep UNK UNK from getting UNK under physical UNK , he UNK all highly UNK UNK . END
what do the pretty smu girls like on their plates ? ? END
`` pretty much hamburger , UNK , steak and , at night , maybe UNK '' , says the handsome food expert . END
`` unfortunately , there is still little demand for UNK and UNK '' . END
ramsey has UNK up harry truman , henry UNK lodge , the king of morocco , UNK UNK and other UNK characters . END
once four UNK monks , in their UNK robes , filed through the cafeteria line . END
`` they aren't supposed to look at women , you know '' , ramsey recalled . END
`` what with all those pretty girls around , they had a hard time '' . END
use one UNK chicken breast for each guest . END
salt and pepper each breast . END
dip in melted butter and roll in flour . END
place side by side in a UNK deep baking pan . END
bake slowly about one hour at UNK f. until lightly brown . END
add enough warmed cream , seasoned to taste with onion juice , to about half cover the chicken breasts . END
bake slowly at least one-half hour longer . END
while this is baking , UNK UNK , fresh or canned , in butter . END
sprinkle over top of chicken breasts . END
serve each breast on a thin slice of UNK ham and sprinkle with thompson UNK grapes . END
( leave off the ham and you call it chicken UNK , says ramsey . END
contemporary furniture that is neither danish nor UNK modern but has sculptured pattern , many design facets , warmth , dignity and an effect of utter comfort and UNK . END
that is the goal of two new collections being introduced in dallas this month . END
though there has been some UNK UNK indication that contemporary furniture might go back to the UNK look of the UNK and UNK , two manufacturers chose to take the approach of the sophisticated , but warm look in contemporary . END
these two , heritage and drexel , chose too not to produce the exactly matching design for every piece , but a collection of UNK designs , each of which could stand alone . END
the heritage collection , to be shown by UNK and anderson's studio , has perhaps more different types of woods and decorations than any one manufacturer ever assembled together at one time . END
called UNK , to indicate its lasting , good today and tomorrow quality , the collection truly UNK the monotony of identical pieces . END
walnut , UNK chestnut , UNK , three varieties of UNK , UNK UNK cane , ceramic tiles , marble are used to emphasize the feeling of texture and of UNK , the furniture to fit into rooms with tiled floors , brick or UNK walls , windows that bring in the outdoors . END
it is a collection with a UNK look , offering simplicity with warmth , variety and vitality . END
the drexel collection , called composite , to be shown by UNK offers a realistic approach to decorating , a mature modern that is a variation of many designs . END
rounded posts give a soft , sculptured look , UNK doors have decorative UNK panels or cane UNK plus softening arches , table tops are UNK in UNK UNK or UNK . END
a UNK buffet provides UNK serving , a cocktail table has small snack tables tucked under each end , UNK arched panels UNK a UNK long chest . END
an interesting approach to the bedroom is presented , with a young , basic , functional group of chests , UNK and corner units and a UNK UNK . END
the other bedroom has heavier UNK , UNK UNK with UNK panels , a poster bed or a bed with arched UNK panels and matching mirror . END
colorful , bright UNK UNK fabrics , with the UNK , pink and white tones UNK as well as golden shades are used with composite . END
the fabrics have UNK finish to resist soil and wrinkles . END
design elements closely rooted to traditional forms but wearing a definite contemporary label keynote UNK fall 1961 group , composite . END
the UNK pedestal table has a base finished in an UNK , to set off the UNK brown of the walnut top . END
UNK design of the chairs combines both the nostalgic ladder back and an oriental UNK flavor . END
to bring warmth to the dining area , golden orange tones are used in the fabrics . END
dignity and comfort , in a contemporary manner , reflecting the best aspects of today's design , with substance and maturity , keynote the UNK collection from heritage . END
center panel , UNK wood , actually is a back of one of the tall UNK . END
UNK UNK fabrics and the gleam of copper and UNK ceramic accessories UNK the mood as does the alexander smith carpet in all wool loop pile . END
the UNK are `` on the road '' again . END
members are on their way to UNK , not by stage coach , but in UNK cars . END
this coming weekend they have reserved the entire UNK inn and adjoining country club , UNK , for festivities . END
invitations have been extended to some austin UNK including gov. and mrs. price daniel . END
UNK days is the theme for the weekend on the old UNK trail . END
the UNK friday night will be a banquet at the country club UNK and pool , and an orchestra will play for dancing . END
guests will wear costumes typical of the UNK trail days . END
UNK and UNK will be popular dress for the women . END
the men will be in western attire , including UNK and colored UNK . END
decorating the ballroom will be the yellow rose of texas , in tall bushes ; ; END
UNK and UNK silhouettes . END
there will be a large drawing of a UNK girl with eyes that flash at the guests . END
mr. and mrs. phil g. UNK are chairmen for the UNK trip . END
committee members aiding them in planning the entertainment are UNK and UNK roy UNK , george UNK , jack fanning , w. h. UNK and joe UNK . END
the travel club is comprised of 75 UNK couples who have as their motto `` go somewhere , anywhere , everywhere '' . END
their activities will be UNK in the spring of 1962 when they go to europe . END
in the past , the men and women have chartered planes to las vegas and UNK , buses to mineral wells and UNK and private railway coaches to UNK and UNK . END
four parties are given a year . END
two of these are in or near dallas and the others away from the vicinity . END
serving on the club's board are UNK r. p. anderson , president ; ; END
a. f. UNK , secretary ; ; END
w. h. UNK , treasurer , and the following chairmen : UNK UNK , publicity ; ; END
lawrence b. jones , UNK , and sam UNK , UNK . END
a UNK with UNK filling and chocolate UNK won $25,000 for a minneapolis housewife in the 13th annual UNK UNK tuesday . END
mrs. alice h. UNK , wife of an engineer and mother of a UNK son , was awarded the top prize at a luncheon in the beverly UNK hotel . END
mrs. UNK entered 10 past UNK before she got into the finals . END
second grand prize of $5,000 went to mrs. UNK l. oliver for her hawaiian coffee ring , a rich UNK bread with coconut filling and UNK glaze . END
mrs. oliver is mother of five children and wife of a machinist . END
she lives in UNK , mo. . END
mrs. UNK baked her cookies for only the third time in the UNK finals . END
and the third time was the charm . END
she dreamed up the UNK recipe , tried it , liked it and entered it in the contest . END
the second baking was for UNK when told she was a UNK . END
the third time was on the floor of the beverly UNK ballroom and for the critical eyes and tongues of judges . END
mr. and mrs. joseph r. UNK will give a dinner on friday at their home in beverly hills to honor mrs. norman chandler , chairman of the music center building fund committee , and mr. chandler . END
mr. UNK heads a group within the building and development industry to raise funds in support of this cultural center for the performing arts . END
a feature of the party will be a presentation by UNK UNK , center architect , of color slides and UNK of the UNK complex . END
foliage will glow at formal fall party END
fall foliage and flowers will UNK los angeles country club for the annual formal party saturday evening . END
more than 200 are expected at the autumn event which is matched in the spring . END
among those with reservations are UNK and UNK william a. thompson , van UNK UNK , a. b. cox , david UNK , samuel perry and robert d. UNK . END
others are drs. and UNK alfred robbins , and j. UNK UNK and gen. and mrs. UNK watson . END
guests from across u.s. honor dr. swim END
when dr. w. a. swim celebrated his UNK birthday at the UNK country club , guests came by chartered plane from all over the country . END
a flight UNK in florida picked up guests on the east coast and midwest and a plane left from seattle taking on passengers at west coast points . END
UNK and a buffet supper were served to more than 100 persons who had known dr. swim when he practiced in los angeles . END
he started practice in 1917 , and served on the state board of medical UNK . END
giving up the violin opened a whole new career for UNK UNK , a tiny hungarian who UNK UNK had predicted would have a promising career on the concert stage . END
a heart attack when she was barely 20 put an end to the UNK daily practicing . END
she put the violin away and took out some linen , needles and yarn to while away the long , idle days in budapest . END
now her modern UNK have been exhibited on two continents and , at 26 , she feels she is on the threshold of a whole new life in los angeles . END
her days as an art student at the university of budapest came to a sudden end during the hungarian UNK in 1957 and she and her husband stephen fled to vienna . END
there they continued their studies at the university , she in art , he in architecture . END
and there she had her first showing of tapestry work . END
there's a lot of talk about the problem of education in america today . END
what most people don't seem to realize , if they aren't tied up with the thing as i am , is that 90% of the problem is transportation . END
i never dreamed of the UNK difficulties involved until , at long last , both of my boys got squeezed into high school . END
it seems like only last year that we watched them set out up the hill hand in hand on a rainy day in their yellow UNK to UNK at the grammar school . END
getting to and from school was no problem . END
they either walked or were driven . END
now they go to a high school that is two miles away . END
one might think the problem would be similar . END
they could walk , ride on a bus or be driven . END
it's much more complex than that . END
generally , they go to school with a girl named UNK , who lives down the block , and has a car . END
this is a way of getting to school , but , i understand , it entails a certain loss of social status . END
a young man doesn't like to be driven up in front of a school in a car driven by a girl who isn't even in a higher class than he is , and is also a girl . END
`` why don't you walk to school then '' ? ? END
`` my father walked , through two miles of snow , in illinois '' . END
`` did you '' ? ? END
`` no '' , i said , `` i didn't happen to grow up in illinois '' . END
i explained , however , that i had my share of hardship in making my daily pilgrimage to the feet of wisdom . END
i had to ride a streetcar two miles . END
sometimes the streetcar was late . END
sometimes there weren't even any seats . END
i had to stand up , with the ladies . END
sometimes i got on the wrong car and didn't get to school at all , but wound up at the ocean , or some other dismal place , and had to spend the day there . END
i've tried to compromise by letting them take the little car now and then . END
when they do that my wife has to drive me to work in the big car . END
she has to have at least one car herself . END
i feel a certain loss of status when i am driven up in front of work in a car driven by my wife , who is only a woman . END
even that isn't satisfactory . END
if they have to take any car , they'd rather take the big one . END
they say that when they take a car , UNK doesn't take her car , but rides with them . END
but when UNK rides with them they also have to take the two girls who usually ride with her , so the little car isn't big enough . END
the logic of that is impeccable , of course , except that i feel like a fool being driven up to work in a little car , by my wife , when everybody knows i have a big car and am capable of driving myself . END
the solution , naturally , is the bus . END
however , it's a half-mile walk down a steep hill from our house to the bus , and it's too hard on my legs . END
my wife could drive us down the hill and we could all walk from there . END
but that's hardly realistic . END
nobody walks anymore but UNK and harry truman , and he's already got an education . END
advance publicity on the los angeles blue book does not mention names dropped as did the notices for the new york social register which made news last week . END
published annually by william UNK richardson , the 1962 edition , UNK society register of southern california , is scheduled to arrive with monday UNK UNK . END
publisher richardson has UNK the blue book `` but it still remains the compact reference book used by so many for those ever-changing telephone numbers , addresses , other UNK , club affiliations and marriages '' . END
stars throughout the volume denote dates of marriages during the past year . END
last two to be added before the book went to press were the marriages of meredith jane cooper , daughter of the grant b. UNK , to robert knox UNK , and of mary alice UNK to willard pen tudor . END
others are carla ruth UNK to dan UNK chandler jr. ; ; END
UNK UNK , daughter of the UNK UNK , to james UNK UNK , and UNK smith to james UNK UNK . END
also noted are the marriages of elizabeth browning , daughter of the george l. UNK , to austin c. smith jr. ; ; END
UNK flower , daughter of the UNK flowers jr. , to UNK UNK , son of the david UNK . END
listed as newly UNK in the pasadena section of the new book are mr. and mrs. samuel moody UNK 3 . END
she is the former judy chapman , daughter of john s. chapman of this city . END
the young couple live in pasadena . END
another marriage of note is that of jane UNK and william louis UNK . END
changes in address are noted . END
for instance , the edwin UNK jr. , formerly of UNK UNK , are now at home on north UNK dr. in beverly hills . END
mr. and mrs. robert UNK now live on UNK and the franklin UNK on s. UNK blvd. . END
the richard UNK , formerly of connecticut , have returned to southern california and are now residing on south UNK blvd. . END
but the UNK UNK have exchanged their residence in southern california for mexico city . END
judge and mrs. julian hazard are now at UNK beach , while the frank UNK have moved from beverly hills to new york , where he is general manager of the UNK hotel . END
and lawrence chase , son of the ransom UNK , is listed at his new address in oxford , UNK . END
others listed at new addresses are the richard t. UNK , the joseph UNK jr. , the henri de la UNK , the john UNK and dr. and mrs. UNK UNK , the john UNK , the allen UNK , the howard UNK , the thomas UNK , and anthony UNK . END
newcomers of social note from other parts of the country are the ray UNK , formerly of panama ; ; END
the UNK UNK , formerly of scotland , and mr. and mrs. werner h. UNK , formerly of switzerland . END
here's an idea for a child's room that is easy to execute and is completely charming , using puppets for lamp bases . END
most children love the animated puppet faces and their flexible bodies , and they prefer to see them as though the puppets were in action , rather than put away in boxes . END
displayed as lamps , the puppets delight the children and are decorative accent . END
to create such a lamp , order a wired pedestal from any lamp shop . END
measure the puppet to determine the height of the light UNK , allowing three to four inches above the UNK head . END
make sure that the metal tube through which the wire passes is in the shape of an UNK `` l '' , the foot of the `` l '' about three inches long , so that the puppet can hang directly under the light . END
using the strings that manipulate the puppet , UNK him from the light UNK by tying the strings to the lamp base . END
in this way , you can arrange his legs and arms in any desired position , with feet , or one foot , barely resting on the pedestal . END
if the puppets are of uniform size , you can change them in accord with your child's UNK . END
although a straight drum shade would be adequate and sufficiently neutral that the puppets could be changed without UNK , it is far more fun to create shades in the gay spirit of a child's UNK . END
those illustrated are reminiscent of a circus top or a UNK . END
the UNK edge is particularly appealing . END
today's trend toward furniture designs from america's past is teaching UNK and decorators a renewed respect for the shrewd UNK of our colonial era . END
a generation ago there were plenty of people who appreciated UNK and fine UNK . END
in the background UNK the feeling , however , that these pieces , beautiful as they were , lacked the UNK touch . END
so UNK bedroom was usually UNK out with heavy , nondescript pieces that supposedly could take the `` hard UNK '' , while the fine secretary was relegated to the parlor where it was for show only . END
this isn't true of the many UNK of the 1960's , according to decorator consultant , UNK UNK . END
housewives are finding literally hundreds of ways of getting the maximum use out of traditional designs , says mr. UNK and they are doing it largely because colonial craftsmen had `` an innate sense of the practical '' . END
there are a number of reasons why the eighteenth century designer had to develop `` down to earth '' designs -- or go out of business . END
hotel UNK UNK room has a real UNK in its new attraction , the UNK `` kings 4 , plus two '' . END
this is the strongest act to hit the area in a long while -- a well integrated , fast moving outfit specializing in UNK , UNK , comedy and UNK all of it distinctly displaying the pro touch . END
show UNK the kings -- george worth , bill kay , frank UNK and gene wilson , flanked by dave UNK and ron stevens . END
the plus two remain at a fixed position with drums and guitar but the quartet covers the stage with a batch of instruments ranging from UNK to UNK , and the beat is solid . END
in the comedy division , the kings simply UNK talent and imagination with a few props . END
net result is some UNK nonsense , part of which can be UNK as pure UNK . END
kings 4 , have rated as a popular act in vegas and western UNK . END
if they can't UNK up big business here then let's stop this noise about how hip we are , and stick to our community singing , END
andy UNK and his trio have booked into UNK lounge . END
the UNK , latin combo , open tuesday at the four o'clock club . END
`` flip '' phillips for a return engagement at UNK steak ranch wednesday ; ; END
same date , johnny UNK trio to the jolly roger . END
dick carroll and his UNK ( which we now refer to as `` UNK '' ) held over at UNK cabana where `` sir '' UNK smith brings in his UNK UNK oct. 13 . END
johnny UNK picked up some new numbers out in texas which he's UNK on the UNK in the UNK house at UNK ocean mile hotel . END
`` skip '' UNK back in town from a summer in the UNK tahoe area where he ran into rusty warren , kay martin , the UNK and tune UNK -- all pulling good UNK , he says . END
al UNK , an UNK from colorado , is currently pursuing the three r's -- rhythm , UNK and UNK -- in a return class session at the trade winds hotel . END
al has added some UNK to the act which makes for a UNK operation but it's substantially the same format heard last spring . END
newcomers are ernie UNK on piano , UNK robbins , bass and trumpet , and jack UNK on drums . END
it's a solid show but , except for some interim UNK by ernie , it's UNK all the way . END
UNK biggest stock in trade is his personality , and ability to establish a warm rapport with his audience . END
he UNK around from jazz , to blues to UNK -- accompanying himself on piano and frequently pulling the customers in on the act . END
this is a UNK show which may get a little too frantic at times , but is nevertheless worth your appraisal . END
cafe society opens formally this afternoon under its new ownership . END
george UNK is the UNK ; ; END
terry barnes has been named manager . END
spot retains the same decor although crystal UNK have been installed above the terrace dining area , and the kitchen has undergone a UNK job . END
latter domain , under the guidance of chef tom UNK , will UNK in steaks , UNK , chicken and prime beef as well as tom's favorite dish , stuffed UNK . END
bandstand features hal UNK , pianist , for both dinner hour and the late trade . END
the UNK trio is the club's new show group which also plays for dancing . END
herbert UNK in town for a day . END
UNK restaurant activities up in UNK , ohio , may preclude his return here until after oct. 20 , date set for UNK the UNK restaurant on UNK restaurant on sunrise . END
louise franklin UNK the gift shop market in lauderdale . END
UNK redhead UNK another shop , her sixth , in the governor's club hotel this week . END
sunday new orleans UNK continue at the trade winds but the daily french UNK have been called off . END
UNK UNK new sunshine inn at UNK set to open some time this month , according to hank johnson . END
student prince lounge on atlantic blvd. UNK a UNK `` festival '' throughout october , with special features . END
don UNK of UNK restaurant planning a reunion with the miami UNK club's pianist , julian UNK . END
two were in the same band 18 years ago ; ; END
don , who played drums , hasn't seen his UNK since . END
steak house has such a run on beer to wash down that mexican food `` UNK '' UNK had to call the draft man twice in one day . END
( which is understandable -- if you've ever sampled the exotic , UNK fare . END
UNK and UNK UNK , dave UNK , george ( papa ) UNK , al UNK , jim UNK , bob UNK at the mouse trap . END
billy and jean UNK at the UNK . END
UNK UNK , jimmy UNK , jim UNK , ralph UNK , bill and evelyn perry at the escape . END
hear that patricia murphy flies up to st. john's UNK , next sunday to attend the government's special ceremonies at memorial university honoring distinguished sons and daughters of the island province . END
miss murphy was born in UNK , UNK . END
her invitation from premier joseph smallwood is reported to be the only one extended to a woman . END
-- the first in a series of five productions will be held in war memorial auditorium thursday , oct. 26 . END
`` le theatre UNK du ballet '' , of monte UNK , will present a program of four ballets including `` francesca da UNK '' . END
performers include a company of 46 dancers and a symphony orchestra . END
the series of ballets is sponsored by the UNK ballet foundation , inc. , a UNK foundation with headquarters in coral gables . END
also set for appearances at the auditorium this season are : `` american ballet theatre '' on jan. 27 , `` UNK ballet UNK '' on feb. 2 ; ; END
UNK UNK , pianist , on feb. 23 ; ; END
and `` dancers of UNK '' on march 8 . END
-- a southeast library workshop will be held here oct. 9 , conducted by mrs. UNK UNK of UNK , ala. , author , lecturer and library leader . END
the workshop will begin at 10 a.m. and end at 3 p.m. in the auditorium of the library and fine arts building . END
there is no registration fee but there will be a charge of UNK for the luncheon to be held in the library and fine arts building . END
anyone interested in attending the meeting may have reservations with mrs. john UNK at the hollywood public library . END
at the workshop , mrs. UNK will discuss `` the board and the staff , UNK relationships , personnel policies , how good is our librarian and staff , how good am i as a library board member and how good is our library '' . END
other workshops will be in UNK oct. 5 ; ; END
UNK , oct. 6 ; ; END
UNK , oct. 10 ; ; END
plant city oct. 11 . END
-- a series of high school assemblies to UNK junior and senior students with the junior achievement program begins at st. thomas UNK monday . END
subsequent assemblies will be held at UNK high school tuesday , at UNK beach high wednesday , and at fort lauderdale high thursday . END
the business education program operates with the cooperation of local high schools and business firms . END
is there anything a frustrated individual can do about UNK growing threat on our UNK and around the world ? ? END
more than 300 teenagers last sunday proved there is and as many more are expected to prove it again for jim kern and his wife lynn from 4 to 8 p.m. sunday at first presbyterian church . END
at that time the second half of the christian youth crusade against communism will be staged . END
a young real estate salesman , kern first got seriously interested in the problems posed by communism when in the navy air force . END
he was particularly struck by a course on communist UNK . END
kern began reading a lot about the history and philosophy of communism , but never felt there was anything he , as an individual , could do about it . END
when he attended the christian anti-communist crusade school here about six months ago , jim became convinced that an individual can do something constructive in the ideological battle and set out to do it . END
the best approach , he figured , was to try to influence young people like the high UNK he and his wife serve as advisors at first presbyterian church . END
and he wanted to be careful that the kids not only learn about communist but also about what he feels is the only UNK -- a UNK strong christianity . END
so the christian youth crusade against UNK developed and more than 300 top teenagers and 65 adult advisers from presbyterian churches of the area sat UNK at the UNK program . END
this sunday those attending the second session will hear a lecture by kern on the world situation ; ; END
a review of the philosophy of communist leaders by ted slack , another real estate agent who became interested as a philosophy major at the university of miami ; ; END
and talks on how their christian faith can guide them in learning about and fighting communism during high school and college days , by ted place , director of greater miami youth for christ , and UNK UNK , director of campus crusade for christ . END
the second half of the film `` communism on the map '' and the movie `` operation abolition '' also will be shown . END
response to the program has been so encouraging , kern said , that a UNK youth school at UNK county auditorium may be set up soon . END
and to encourage other churches to try their own programs , kern said this sunday's sessions -- including the free dinner -- will be open to anyone who makes reservations . END
the need for and the way to achieve a christian home will be stressed in special services marking national christian family week in miami area churches next week . END
of particular meaning to the charles UNK family , UNK UNK 24th UNK , will be the family dedication service planned for UNK a.m. sunday at first christian church . END
it will be the second time the assistant manager of a coral gables restaurant and his wife have taken part in the UNK ceremonies for families with new babies . END
the first one , two years ago , changed the routine of their home life . END
`` when you stand up in public and take vows to strive to set an example before your children and to teach them the fundamentals of the christian faith , you strive a little harder to uphold those vows '' , explains the slender vice president of the young couples sunday school class . END
until that first dedication service , he and UNK felt their children were too young to take part in any religious life at home . END
they have five daughters -- coral lee , 5 , UNK UNK , 4 , pamela , 3 , UNK , 2 , and UNK , five months . END
but after that service , they decided to try to let the girls say grace at the table , have bedtime prayers , and bible stories . END
to their surprise , the children all were eager and quite able to take part . END
even the UNK feels UNK if the family has a UNK without her . END
UNK chief probation officer , jack UNK , will lead a discussion on `` the changes in the american family '' at 7:30 p.m. sunday at christ UNK church . END
mr. and mrs. george UNK will be honored at a family week supper and program at 6 p.m. sunday at trinity methodist church . END
he is the UNK of the church . END
a family worship service will follow the program at UNK p.m. . END
the outstanding family of central UNK church will be picked by ballot from among eight families during the UNK a.m. sunday service marking national family week . END
every family of UNK presbyterian church has been asked to read the bible and pray together daily during national christian family week and to undertake one project in which all members of the family participate . END
to start the week of special programs at the church , the rev. john d. UNK will preach on `` a successful marriage '' at UNK and 11 a.m. sunday . END
new officers of the church will be ordained and installed at the 7:30 p.m. service . END
a father and son dinner sponsored by the men's club will be held at UNK p.m. monday and the annual church picnic at 4 p.m. next saturday . END
the week will end with the rev. mr. UNK preaching on `` the marriage altar '' at 7:30 p.m. sunday , may 14 . END
the resignation of the rev. warren i. UNK , UNK of st. UNK episcopal day school in coconut grove , becomes effective july 15 . END
UNK UNK , conductor and musical director of the san francisco symphony , will fulfill two more guest conducting engagements in europe before returning home to open the UNK golden anniversary season , it was announced . END
the guest assignments are scheduled for november 14 and 18 , with the orchestra UNK UNK in UNK and the orchestra of radio cologne . END
the season in san francisco will open with a special gala concert on november 22 . END
during his UNK visit abroad , UNK recently conducted the UNK UNK de UNK in france , and the santa UNK orchestra in rome . END
in announcing UNK return , the orchestra also announced that the sale of single tickets for the UNK anniversary season will start at the sherman clay box office on wednesday . END
guest performers and UNK during the coming season will include many UNK artists who began their careers playing with the orchestra , including UNK UNK UNK , isaac stern , UNK UNK and david abel ; ; END
UNK leon UNK , ruth UNK and stephen bishop and conductor earl bernard murray . END
the UNK kirov ballet , which opened a series of performances friday night at the opera house , is , i think , the finest `` classical '' ballet company i have ever seen , and the production of the UNK `` sleeping beauty '' with which it began the series is UNK the finest i have ever had the pleasure of witnessing . END
this work is no favorite of mine . END
i am prepared to demonstrate at UNK that it represents the spirit of imperial russia in its most vulgar , UNK , and reactionary aspect ; ; END
that its persistent use by ballet companies of the soviet regime indicates that that old spirit is just as UNK alive today as it ever was ; ; END
that its presentation in this country is part of a capitalist plot to UNK the american people ; ; END
that its UNK is UNK and its score a shapeless UNK of UNK . END
all of this is true and all of it is totally meaningless in the face of the UNK utterly UNK presentation . END
the reasons for this UNK are numerous , but most of them end in `` UNK '' , `` UNK '' , or `` UNK '' . END
in other words , no merely male creature can resist that corps de ballet . END
it seems to have been chosen exclusively from the UNK of beauty contests -- miss UNK , miss UNK , miss UNK UNK , skip it . END
these qualities alone , however , would not account for their success , and it took me a while to discover the UNK virtue that completes this company's collective personality . END
it is a kind of friendliness and frankness of address toward the audience which we have been led to believe was peculiar to the american ballet . END
UNK , that convention of russian ballet whereby the girls convey the idea that they are all the daughters of UNK grand UNK driven to the stage out of UNK piety , is totally absent from the kirov . END
this is all the more remarkable because the kirov is to ballet what senator UNK is to american politics . END
but , obviously , at least some things have changed for the better in russia so far as the ballet is concerned . END
UNK UNK , the princess UNK of UNK performance , would be a change for the better anywhere , at any time , no matter who had had the role before . END
she is the most beautiful thing you ever laid eyes on , and her dancing has a feminine UNK , UNK , sparkle , and refinement which are simply incomparable . END
UNK UNK , who seems to have made a special hit in the east , was delightful as the lady UNK and her partner , yuri UNK , was wonderfully virile , UNK , and poetic all at the same time , in a tradition not unlike that of UNK . END
UNK UNK , a fine `` UNK noble '' ; ; END
UNK UNK , a great character dancer ; ; END
and UNK UNK , an excellent lilac fairy , were other outstanding members of the cast , but every member of the cast was magnificent . END
the production , designed by simon UNK , was completely traditional but traditional in the right way . END
it was done with great taste , was big and spacious , sumptuous as the dreams of any peasant in its UNK costumes , but sumptuous in a UNK , UNK style , with rich , quiet harmonies of color between the costumes themselves and between the costumes and the scenery . END
UNK UNK conducted an exceptionally large orchestra , one containing excellent soloists -- the violin UNK by the UNK , guy UNK , were especially fine -- but one in which the core of traveling players and the body of men added locally had not had time to achieve much unity . END
mail orders are now being received for the series of concerts to be given this season under the auspices of the san francisco chamber music society . END
the season will open at the new hall of flowers in golden gate park on november 20 at 8:30 p.m. with a concert by the mills chamber players . END
UNK members may sign up at UNK for the UNK season ; ; END
annual members may attend for UNK . END
participating members may attend five of the concerts for UNK ( not all ten concerts as was UNK announced earlier in the chronicle ) . END
mail orders for the season and orders for single tickets at $2 , may be addressed to the society , UNK chestnut street , san francisco 9 . END
san francisco firemen UNK themselves last week with their annual voluntary task of fixing up toys for distribution to needy children . END
fire fighters local UNK , which is UNK the toy program for the UNK straight year , issued a call for san UNK to turn in discarded toys , which will be repaired by UNK firemen . END
toys will not be collected at UNK this year . END
they will be accepted at all branches of the bay view federal savings and loan association , at a collection center in the center of the UNK UNK , and at the junior museum , 16th street and roosevelt way . END
from the collection centers , toys will be taken to a warehouse at UNK second street , where they will be repaired and made ready for distribution . END
any needy family living in san francisco can obtain toys by writing to christmas toys , UNK howard street , san francisco 5 , and listing the UNK name and address and the age and sex of each child in the family between the ages of 1 and 12 . END
requests must be mailed in by december 5 . END
famed UNK UNK UNK took his instrument to the east room of the white house yesterday and UNK the staff with a two-hour rehearsal . END
he was getting the feel of the room for a concert tomorrow night for puerto rico governor luis UNK marin . END
president kennedy's invitation to the UNK master said , `` we feel your performance as one of the world's greatest artists would lend distinction to the entertainment of our guests '' . END
for a good many seasons i've been looking at the UNK stuff on television , so the other night i thought i ought to see how immorality is doing on the other side of the fence in movies . END
after all , this year's movies are next year's television shows . END
so i went to see `` la dolce vita '' . END
it has been UNK as a towering monument to immorality . END
all the sins of ancient rome are said to be collected into this UNK film . END
if that's all the romans did , it's a surprise to me that rome fell . END
after television , `` la dolce vita '' seems as harmless as a gray line tour of north beach at night . END
i cannot imagine a single scene that isn't done in a far UNK manner on tv every week . END
i believe tv UNK will be bored . END
`` la dolce vita '' has none of the senseless brutality or UNK of the average tv western . END
week in , week out , there is more sex to be seen in `` the adventures of UNK and harriet '' . END
there is more UNK on `` 77 sunset strip '' . END
there are more obvious UNK on any UNK series . END
in another respect , television UNK will feel right at home because most of the actors are UNK . END
with the exception of UNK barker and UNK UNK , the credits are as unfamiliar as you'll find on the robert UNK theater . END
most of the emphasis has been placed on a `` wild party '' at a UNK villa . END
producer UNK should have looked at some of the old silent films where they really had parties ! ! END
the dolce vita UNK boasted a strip tease ( carried as far as a black slip ) ; ; END
a lady drunk on her hands and knees who carries the hero around on her back while he throws pillow feathers in her face ; ; END
a frigid beauty , and three silly UNK . END
put them all together and they spell out the only UNK word i can think of : dull . END
apparently UNK caught the crowd when its parties had begun to pall . END
what a swinging group they must have been when they first started entertaining ! ! END
as a moral UNK it is a UNK . END
but this doesn't UNK from its merit as an interesting , if not great , film . END
the UNK UNK UNK summed it up neatly : END
`` this is a long picture and a controversial one , but basically it is a moral , UNK and UNK description of humans who have become UNK from life as perhaps rome has from her traditional political , cultural and religious glories '' . END
and when they sell it to television in a couple of years , it can be shown without editing . END
tonight atlantic monthly editor edward weeks moderates a round table of four russian writers in a discussion of soviet literature . END
among the subjects discussed will be russian restrictions on poets and writers in the ussr ( channel 9 at UNK ) . END
person to person UNK the home lives of johnny mercer and joan collins -- both in southern california ( channel 5 at UNK ) UNK summer music festival features a live concert by the UNK de UNK ( channel 9 at 8:30 ) . END
nbc plans a new series of three long programs exploring america's scientific plans titled `` threshold '' , to start in the fall . END
`` science in action '' , san UNK venerable television program , will be seen in hong kong this fall in four languages : UNK , UNK , UNK and english , according to a tip from dr. robert c. miller . END
and you think you have language problems . END
the week went along briskly enough . END
i bought a new little foreign bomb . END
it is a british bomb . END
very austere yet UNK . END
it is very chic to drive foreign cars . END
with a foreign car you must wear a cap -- it has a leather band in the back . END
you must also wear a car coat . END
the wardrobe for a foreign bomb is a little expensive . END
but we couldn't really get along without it . END
`` where do you put the lighter fluid , UNK , UNK '' ? ? END
asked the gas station man . END
the present crop of small cars is UNK american humor . END
gas station people are very UNK about small cars . END
when i drove a car with tail fins , i had plenty status at the UNK UNK . END
my car UNK 20 gallons without even wiping its mouth . END
this excellent foreign bomb takes only six . END
when i had my big job with the double headlights and yards of chrome , the gas people were happy to see me . END
`` tires ok ? ? END
check the oil and water , sir ? ? END
they polished the windshield . END
they had a loving touch . END
the man stuck the nozzle in the gas tank . END
`` what kind of car is it '' ? ? END
`` it is a british austin , the smallest they make '' . END
`` get much mileage '' ? ? END
`` about 35 '' . END
the gas station man sighed unhappily . END
`` what i always say is what if somebody UNK you in a little car like that ? ? END
UNK , that's all she wrote '' . END
`` i will die rich '' . END
`` that will be UNK '' , said the gas station man . END
`` the windshield looks pretty clean '' . END
ah , the UNK friends of UNK ! ! END
when i wheeled about , UNK fore and aft , i was the darling of the UNK . END
dollar bills UNK off my hands and they tipped their caps politely . END
with a small bomb , i UNK it between UNK . END
( the last doorman that saw me do that should calm himself . END
high blood pressure can get the best of any of us . END
at last the white house is going to get some UNK furniture by that master american UNK , duncan phyfe , whose designs were UNK in his lifetime when the u. s. presidents of the 19th century sent abroad for their furnishings . END
the american institute of decorators has acquired a rare complete set of UNK and chairs which are to be placed in the executive UNK library . END
the suite has been in the same family since the early UNK . END
the gift is being presented by `` UNK and descendants of the UNK family of new jersey , whose famous estate , `` tranquility '' , was located near the duncan phyfe workshop at UNK , n. j. . END
UNK pieces of duncan phyfe furniture are uncommon , although millions of american homes today display pieces patterned after the style trends he set 150 years ago . END
this acquisition is a matched , perfect set -- consisting of two UNK six feet long , plus six UNK and two UNK . END
the aid has undertaken the UNK of the white house library as a project in connection with the work being done by first lady jacqueline kennedy's fine arts advisory committee to secure UNK for the presidential home . END
it is the UNK intention to create in the library `` a miniature museum of americana '' before completed UNK is UNK early this fall . END
the room will also feature another UNK many UNK would consider more important than the duncan phyfe furniture . END
the aid has found a UNK attributed to samuel UNK of salem , mass. , an architect and UNK who UNK for the designing of the capitol here in UNK . END
the UNK was found in a recently demolished salem house and is being fitted over the white house library fireplace . END
it will be painted to match the paneling in the room . END
the aid UNK chairman in charge of the UNK , mrs. henry francis UNK , was in town yesterday to consult with white house staff members on the project . END
mrs. UNK committee associates , announced formally yesterday by the aid in new york , include mrs. allen UNK UNK and stephen j. UNK , both UNK manhattan decorators . END
regional representatives appointed to serve from each section of the country include frank e. barnes of boston . END
president kennedy couldn't stay away from his desk for the UNK young people's concert played on the white house lawn yesterday by the UNK UNK symphony orchestra from brevard , n. c. . END
but he left the doors to his office open so he could hear the music . END
at 4 p.m. the president left the white house to welcome the young musicians , students from the ages of 12 to 18 who spend six weeks at the brevard music center summer camp , and to greet the UNK crippled , UNK and blind children from the district area who were special guests at the concert . END
it was the first in the series of `` concerts for young people by young people '' to be sponsored by first lady jacqueline kennedy at the white house . END
she was not present yesterday , however , to enjoy the music or watch the faces of the delighted audience . END
she is UNK at the kennedy summer home in UNK port , mass. , and in his welcoming remarks , the president said he was representing her . END
as he approached the open bandstand , erected facing the south entrance to the executive mansion , the band struck up the `` star UNK banner '' and followed it with `` hail to the chief '' . END
`` i think they played hail to the chief better than the marine corps band , and we are grateful to them '' , president kennedy remarked after mounting the bandstand and shaking hands with conductor james christian UNK . END
after paying tribute to the conductor and his UNK youthful students , president kennedy said , `` as an american i have the greatest possible pride in the work that is being done in dozens of schools stretching across the united states -- schools where devoted teachers are studying with interested young men and women and opening up the whole wide horizon of serious music '' . END
he added `` i think that sometimes in this country we are not aware as we should be of the extraordinary work that is being done in this field '' . END
displaying his knowledge of music , the new UNK president remarked that `` probably the best chamber music in the world is played in vermont , by young americans -- and here in this school where they have produced extraordinary musicians and teachers , and their work is being UNK all across the united states . END
`` this is a great national cultural asset , and therefore it is a great source of satisfaction to me , representing as i do today my wife , to welcome all of you here today at the white house '' . END
as he left the bandstand to return to his office , the slender , UNK chief executive paused along the way to shake hands with the members of the audience in wheel chairs forming the first row under the field tent set up for the guests . END
he expressed surprise to learn that pretty , blonde patricia UNK , 16 , of mount UNK , had attended the joseph p. kennedy school for the handicapped in boston . END
`` the nuns there do a wonderful work '' , the president commented . END
patricia now attends the c. melvin sharpe health school in the district . END
each of the children invited to the concert wore a name tag marked with a red , white and blue ribbon . END
they enjoyed UNK and cookies served before and during the concert by teenage sons and daughters of members of the white house staff . END
many of the UNK members of the president's staff gathered around the tent listening and watching the UNK attention given by the young seated audience . END
and it turned out to be more of a family affair than expected . END
henry hall wilson , a student at the music camp 25 years ago and now on the president's staff as liaison representative with the house of representatives , turned guest conductor for a UNK march , the `` stars and stripes forever '' . END
UNK symphony conductor UNK said yesterday that mrs. kennedy's social secretary , UNK baldrige , told about plans for white house youth concerts before the national symphony orchestra league in philadelphia last spring . END
he said he contacted a friend , henry hall wilson , on the president's staff and asked whether his orchestra could play , in the series . END
a flow of correspondence between UNK and miss baldrige resulted in an invitation to the UNK north carolina group to play the first concert . END
one of the most interested `` students '' on the tour which the brevard group took at the national gallery yesterday following their concert at the white house , was UNK baldrige , social secretary to first lady jacqueline kennedy . END
`` i was an art major in college '' , miss baldrige explained . END
`` i've been here so many times i couldn't count them '' . END
she turned out to be a fan , too , of margaret UNK , the UNK associate UNK of education . END
miss UNK headed up one of the four groups that went on simultaneous tours after the gallery had closed at 5 p.m. . END
the brevard group of 85 arrived at the gallery at 6 p.m. , remaining for about 45 minutes . END
the brevard visitors had very little to say at the beginning of the tour but warmed up later . END
they decided that they thought UNK UNK made him look `` sad '' ; ; END
they noticed roman buildings in the background of UNK `` UNK UNK '' and `` texture '' in a UNK painting of UNK cathedral . END
everybody had heard of van UNK , the french UNK . END
gallery director john walker greeted the group , standing on one of the benches in the downstairs lobby to speak to them . END
he pointed out to the young musicians that the national gallery `` is the only museum in the country to have a full-time music director , richard bales . END
i'm sure you've heard of him and his record , ' the confederacy ' '' . END
along with the gallery aide who explained the various paintings and sculptures to each group , went one of the UNK UNK guards . END
in 45 minutes , the gallery leaders had given the students a quick UNK on art from the renaissance to the late 19th century . END
a few of them said they `` preferred contemporary art '' . END
among the other artists , whose paintings were discussed were UNK , UNK , UNK UNK . END
the thing that impressed one of the visitors the most was the UNK rotunda fountain `` because it's on the second floor '' . END
that imposing , somewhat austere , and seemingly remote UNK building with the UNK perched on its threshold at UNK 16th st. UNK took on UNK life yesterday . END
more than 250 scottish rite UNK and guests gathered in their house of the temple to pay tribute to their most prominent leader , albert pike , who headed the scottish rite from 1859 to 1891 . END
they came together in the huge , UNK council chamber to hear the late leader UNK . END
c. wheeler barnes of denver , head of the scottish rite in colorado , praised pike as a historian , author , poet , journalist , lawyer , UNK , soldier and musician , who devoted most of his mature years to the strengthening of the UNK order . END
the ceremony ended with the laying of a wreath at the UNK of pike in the house of the temple . END
a reception and tea followed . END
about UNK delegates are expected to register today for the UNK session of the ancient and accepted scottish rite for the southern jurisdiction of the united states . END
the opening session of the UNK session will begin at 10 a.m. today . END
there will be a pilgrimage to mount vernon at UNK p.m. . END
a wreath will be placed at the tomb of george washington , one of this nation's first UNK -- a past master of UNK lodge 22 in alexandria . END
the marriage of john and mary black had clearly reached the breaking point after eight years . END
john had a job in a small firm where the work was dull and monotonous . END
he would come home in the evening tired and discouraged -- in no frame of mind to play with their three children , or spend much time UNK with his wife . END
hurt by his lack of interest and attention , mary complained often that he didn't help around the house , and that he didn't really care about the family . END
she accused him of ignoring her . END
he in turn told her she demanded too much . END
they were both discouraged , disgusted and miserable . END
mary decided she had had enough . END
without any definite plan in mind , she went to a judge to see what could be done . END
the judge listened quietly as the young woman poured out her frustrations -- then discussing with her the possibility of seeking aid from family service before going to a lawyer . END
family service , sharing in UNK , has five agencies in the washington area . END
they offer to the people of this community case work service and counseling on a wide variety of family problems . END
because neither of them really wanted their marriage to break up , mr. and mrs. black agreed to a series of interviews at family service of northern virginia , the agency nearest them . END
for nearly a year , they have been receiving counseling , separately and together , in an effort to understand and overcome the UNK which had given rise to the possibility of divorce . END
the interviews have led each of them to a new appreciation of the problems confronting the other . END
they are now working together toward solving their difficulties . END
john received a promotion in his firm . END
he gives credit for the promotion to his new outlook on life . END
mary is UNK and gay when her husband comes home in the evenings , and the children's UNK is frequently UNK by a session of happy , family UNK . END
to outsiders , the UNK seem to be an ordinary , happy family , and they are -- but with a difference . END
they know the value of being just that -- an ordinary , happy family . END
family service has helped hundreds of families in this area . END
perhaps to some their work does not seem particularly vital . END
but to the families it serves , their help cannot be measured . END
family service could not open its doors to a single family without the financial support of the united UNK fund . END
anticipated heavy traffic along the skyline drive failed to UNK yesterday , park UNK said , and those who made the trip got a leisurely view of the fall colors through skies swept clear of haze . END
one of the initial questions put to president kennedy at his first news conference last january was about his attitude toward a meeting with premier khrushchev . END
`` i'm hopeful that from more traditional exchanges we can perhaps find greater common ground '' . END
the president knew that a confrontation with mr. khrushchev sooner or later probably was inevitable and even desirable . END
but he was convinced that the realities of power -- military , economic and ideological -- were the decisive factors in the struggle with the communists and that these could not be talked away at a heads of government meeting . END
he wanted to buy time to strengthen the u. s. and its allies and to define and begin to implement his foreign policy . END
last friday the white house announced : END
president kennedy will meet with soviet premier nikita s. khrushchev in vienna june 3 and 4 . END
the announcement came after a period of sharp UNK in east-west relations . END
the heightened tension , in fact , had been a major factor in the president's change of view about the urgency of a meeting with the soviet leader . END
he was not going to vienna to negotiate -- the simultaneous announcements in washington and moscow last week stressed that no formal negotiations were planned . END
but mr. kennedy had become convinced that a personal confrontation with mr. khrushchev might be the only way to prevent catastrophe . END
that objective set the high stakes and drama of the vienna meeting . END
despite efforts by washington last week to play down the significance of the meeting , it clearly was going to be one of the crucial encounters of the cold war . END
the u. s. and soviet heads of government have met three times since sir winston churchill in 1953 introduced a new word into international diplomacy with his call for a fresh approach to the problem of peace `` at the summit of the nations '' . END
the first time was in 1955 when a UNK big four summit meeting produced the `` spirit of geneva '' . END
the spirit served chiefly to UNK the west while moscow made UNK into the middle east . END
in 1959 president eisenhower and premier khrushchev held an informal session in the u. s. . END
that meeting produced the `` spirit of camp david '' -- a spirit , it later turned out , that masked a basic misunderstanding about progress toward a berlin settlement . END
on the third occasion -- another big four summit session at paris a year ago -- there was no problem of an UNK `` spirit '' . END
premier khrushchev wrecked the conference at its initial session with a bitter denunciation of the u. s. for the UNK incident . END
the episode tended to confirm the u. s. belief that propaganda , the hope of UNK concessions , and the chance to split the allies , rather than genuine negotiation , were the soviet leader's real aims in UNK . END
thus when premier khrushchev intimated even before inauguration that he hoped for an early meeting with the new president , mr. kennedy was confronted with a delicate problem . END
shortly before his nomination he had set forth his basic view about the problem of negotiations with the soviet leader in these words : END
`` as long as mr. khrushchev is convinced that the balance of world power is shifting his way , no amount of either smiles or toughness , neither camp david talks nor kitchen debates , can compel him to enter fruitful negotiations '' . END
the president had set for himself the task , which he believed vital , of awakening the u. s. and its allies to the hard and complex effort necessary to shift that balance . END
he did not want the effort weakened by any illusion that summit magic might make it unnecessary . END
he wanted time , too , to review the united states' global commitments and to test both the policies he had inherited and new ones he was formulating . END
above all , he did not want to appear to be running hat in hand to premier khrushchev's UNK . END
at the same time the president took pains not to rule out an eventual meeting with the soviet leader . END
ideally , he knew , it should be preceded by concrete progress at lower levels . END
but mr. kennedy saw value even in an informal meeting , provided that undue hopes were not raised in connection with it . END
it would give him an opportunity to take the measure of his chief adversary in the cold war , to try to probe mr. khrushchev's intentions and to make clear his own views . END
moreover , an eventual meeting was desirable if for no other reason than to satisfy world opinion that the u. s. was not UNK and was UNK no effort to ease international tensions . END
both elements -- the caution about a meeting , the willingness eventually to hold one -- were reflected in a letter from the president which ambassador UNK e. thompson brought back to russia late in february . END
the letter , dated feb. 22 , was delivered to premier khrushchev in UNK , siberia , on march 9 . END
it dealt mainly with a broad range of east-west issues . END
but it also briefly suggested the possibility of a meeting with mr. khrushchev before the end of the year if the international climate were favorable and schedules permitted . END
developments over the next two months , however , caused the president to reconsider the question of the timing . END
there were intense discussions in the inner councils of the white house about the advisability of an early meeting , not because the international climate was improving , but precisely because it was UNK UNK . END
the president was especially concerned about the deadlock in the nuclear test ban negotiations at geneva . END
the deadlock has been caused by the UNK new demand for a UNK ( east , west and neutral ) directorate , and thus a veto , over the control machinery . END
in the u. s. , strong pressures have been building up for a resumption of tests on grounds that the russians may be secretly testing . END
mr. kennedy was less troubled by that possibility than by the belief that a geneva breakdown , or even continued UNK , would mean an UNK spread of nuclear weapons to other countries as well as a fatal blow to any hope for disarmament . END
there was reason to believe that premier khrushchev was also concerned about a possible spread of nuclear weapons , particularly to communist china . END
the question arose as to whether a frank discussion of that danger with the soviet leader had not become urgent . END
moreover , moscow appeared determined to apply the UNK veto principle to the executive organs of all international bodies , including the u. n. secretariat and the international control commission for laos . END
mr. kennedy was convinced that insistence on the demand would make international agreements , or even negotiations , impossible . END
developments in cuba and laos also suggested the advisability of an early summit meeting . END
initially the white house reaction was that the bitter exchanges with moscow over cuba and the conflict in laos had UNK prospects for a meeting . END
at the same time , there was increased reason for a quick meeting lest the soviet leader , as a result of those episodes , come to a UNK erroneous conclusion about the UNK ability and determination to resist communist pressure . END
in cuba , the u. s. had UNK badly and created the impression of UNK against communist penetration even on its own UNK . END
in laos , the picture was almost equally bad . END
u. s. willingness to accept a neutral laos may have led premier khrushchev to believe that other areas could be `` neutralized '' on soviet terms . END
beyond that , allied disagreement about military intervention in laos -- despite warnings that they might do so -- allowed moscow to carry out with UNK a series of military and diplomatic moves that greatly strengthened the pro-communist forces . END
as a result , the west is in a poor bargaining position at the current geneva negotiations on laos , and south UNK and other nations in southeast asia are under increased pressure . END
in the light of those events , there appeared to be a real danger that premier khrushchev might UNK himself . END
ambassador thompson reported from moscow that the soviet leader's mood was UNK and aggressive . END
he has indicated that he plans new moves on berlin before the year is out . END
the president and his advisers felt that the time might have come to warn premier khrushchev against a grave UNK in areas such as berlin , UNK or latin america from which there would be no turning back . END
it was in the midst of such white house deliberations that premier khrushchev on may 4 made new inquiries through the u. s. embassy in moscow about a meeting with the president in the near future . END
mr. kennedy told moscow he would give his answer by may 20 after consultation with the allies . END
the response from london , paris and bonn was favorable . END
firm arrangements for the meeting in vienna were worked out in a final exchange between moscow and washington last week . END
apparently at the insistence of the u. s. , the simultaneous announcements issued in washington and moscow last friday emphasized the `` informal '' nature of the meeting . END
the washington announcement said : END
`` the president and chairman khrushchev understand that this meeting is not for the purpose of negotiating or reaching agreement on the major international problems that involve the interest of many other countries . END
the meeting will , however , afford a timely and convenient opportunity for the first personal contact between them and a general exchange of views on the major issues which affect the relationships between the two countries '' . END
the vienna meeting will bring together a seasoned , UNK veteran of the cold war who , in mr. kennedy's own words , is `` shrewd , tough , vigorous , well-informed and confident '' , and a UNK president ( his birthday is may 29 ) with a demonstrated capacity for political battle but little experience in international diplomacy . END
the announcement last week of the forthcoming encounter produced strong reactions in the u. s. of both approval and disapproval . END
the approval did not arise from an expectation of far-reaching agreements at vienna . END
the inclination was to accept the statement that there would be no formal negotiations . END
but those who were in favor of the meeting felt that a frank exchange between the two men and an opportunity to size one another up would prove salutary . END
mr. khrushchev is known to rely heavily on his instincts about his UNK and to be a shrewd judge of men . END
the feeling was that he would sense an inner core of toughness and determination in the president and that plain talk by mr. kennedy would give him pause . END
apart from the personal equation , another reason advanced in favor of the meeting was that too often in the past the u.s. appeared to have been dragged reluctantly to the summit . END
premier khrushchev has made propaganda capital out of that fact and in the end got his summit meeting anyway . END
this time the initiative came , in part at least , from washington . END
there was also the fact that by the time he meets mr. khrushchev , the president will have completed conversations with all the other principal allied leaders . END
thus he will be in a position to UNK the soviet leader of any notions he may have about grave allied UNK . END
finally , there was a wide area of agreement on the value of the president's making a final effort in the summit spotlight for a nuclear test accord . END
there is no single issue that has aroused stronger feelings throughout the world . END
if tests are to be resumed , the argument went , it is vital that the u. s. make plain that the UNK belongs to the soviet union . END
disapproval of the meeting was based largely on the belief that the timing could hardly be worse . END
after cuba and laos , it was argued , mr. khrushchev will interpret the president's consent to the meeting as further evidence of western weakness -- perhaps even panic -- and is certain to try to exploit the advantage he now believes he holds . END
moreover , the president is meeting the soviet leader at a time when the administration has still not decided on the scope of america's firm foreign policy commitments . END
the question was raised , for example , as to what attitude the president would take if mr. khrushchev proposes a broad neutral belt extending from southeast asia to the middle east . END
there are , so my UNK friends tell me , mechanisms of adaptation and defense that are just too complete and too satisfactory . END
UNK are a case in point . END
the shell , which served the strain so well at a relatively early stage in the evolutionary scheme , tended to cancel out the possibility of future development . END
though this may or may not be good biology , it does aptly illustrate the strength and the weakness of american catholic higher education . END
there can be no doubt that the american catholic accomplishment in the field of higher education is most impressive : our european brethren never cease to marvel at the number and the size of our colleges and universities . END
the deeper wonder is how this miracle was accomplished in decades , rather than in centuries and by immigrant minorities at that . END
by way of explanation we ourselves are prone to imagine that this achievement stems from the same american catholic zeal and generosity which brought the parochial school system into existence . END
there is , however , one curious discrepancy in this broad and UNK picture . END
viewing the american catholic educational achievement in UNK , we may indeed see it as a unified whole extending from grade school to university . END
but the simple truth is that higher education has never really been an official american catholic project ; ; END
certainly not in the same sense that the establishment of a parochial school system has been a matter of official policy . END
official encouragement is one thing , but the down-to-earth test is the allocation of diocesan and parochial funds . END
american catholics have responded generously to UNK and UNK appeals for the support necessary to create parochial schools but they have not contributed in a similar fashion to the establishment of institutions of higher learning . END
they have not done so for the simple reason that such appeals have hardly ever been made . END
diocesan authorities generally have not regarded this as their direct responsibility . END
all of this may be understandable enough : it is , however , in fact difficult to see how diocesan authorities could have acted otherwise . END
yet for better or for worse , the truth of the matter is that most american catholic colleges do not owe their existence to general catholic support but rather to the initiative , UNK and sacrifices of individual religious communities . END
community esprit de corps has been the protective shell which has made the achievement possible . END
to understand the past history -- and the future potential -- of american catholic higher education , it is necessary to appreciate the special character of the esprit de corps of the religious community . END
it is something more than the UNK sum of individual totals of piety and detachment . END
a religious community with a vital sense of mission achieves a degree of group orientation and group identification seldom found elsewhere . END
the fact that the group orientation and group identification are founded on supernatural principles and nourished by the UNK of devotion simply give them a deeper and more satisfying dimension . END
the net result is a uniquely satisfying sense of UNK , the kind of UNK which sparks enthusiasm and UNK the cutting edge of sacrifice and hardship . END
american catholic colleges and universities are , in a very real sense , the product of `` private enterprise '' -- the `` private enterprise '' of religious communities . END
had it not been for such private enterprise , diocesan authorities might of course have been UNK into establishing institutions subsidized by diocesan funds and parish collections and UNK by religious as paid employees . END
there is however no point in speculating about such a possibility : the fact of the matter is that our institutions of higher learning owe their existence to a spirit not unlike that which produces the `` family business '' . END
this `` UNK '' spirit is the real explanation of the marvel of our achievement . END
it is this spirit which explains some of the UNK of american catholic higher education , in particular the wasteful duplication apparent in some areas . END
i think for example of three women's colleges with UNK small UNK , clustered within a few miles of a major catholic university , which is also UNK . END
this is not an isolated example ; ; END
this aspect of the total picture has been commented upon often enough . END
it would seem to represent esprit de corps run riot . END
apart , however , from the question of wasteful duplication , there is another aspect of the `` family business '' spirit in american catholic higher education which deserves closer scrutiny . END
for while the past needs of the church in this country may have been adequately met by collegiate institutions , which in temper and tone closely resembled junior colleges and finishing schools , it would seem that today's need is for the college which more closely resembles the university in its `` pursuit of excellence '' . END
at the earlier `` UNK excellence '' stage of catholic education , the operation could be conducted on an UNK community basis . END
but with today's demand for professional qualifications and specialized training , the need for `` outsiders '' becomes more pressing . END
the problem is not merely that more `` outside teachers '' are needed but that a different brand is called for . END
commenting on the earlier stage , the notre dame chapter of the american association of university professors ( in a recent report on the question of faculty participation in administrative UNK ) noted that the term `` UNK '' ( as opposed to , e.g. , `` maintenance employee '' ) was a not UNK description . END
today however , the `` UNK '' is likely to have professional qualifications of the highest order ( otherwise the college would not be interested in hiring him ) and to be UNK to the democratic processes of the secular or state university . END
and while no one expects total democracy on the academic scene , the scholar will be particularly sensitive to a line between first and second class UNK drawn on any basis other than that of academic rank or professional achievement . END
in the above mentioned report of the notre dame chapter of the american association of university professors , the basic outlook of the new breed of lay faculty emerges very clearly in the very statement of the problem as the members see it : `` even with the best of intentions he ( the president of the university ) is UNK to delegate such authority and responsibility to a group the membership of which , considered ( as it must be by him ) in individual terms , is UNK , mortal and of extremely varying temperament , interests and capabilities . END
it is natural that he should turn for his major support to a select and dedicated few from the organization which actually owns the university and whose goals are , in their opinion , identified with its highest good and ( to use that UNK phrase ) ' the attainment of excellence ' '' . END
the pattern here pictured is clearly not peculiar to notre dame : it is simply that the paradox involved in this kind of control of the institution by `` the organization which actually owns '' it , becomes more obvious where there is a larger and more distinguished `` outside '' faculty . END
it is particularly interesting that those who framed the report should refer to `` the organization which actually owns the university '' : this seems to show an awareness of the fact that there is more to the problem than the ordinary issue of UNK tension . END
but in any case , one does not have to read very closely between the lines to realize that the situation is not regarded as a particularly happy one . END
`` outside '' faculty members want to be considered partners in the academic enterprise and not merely paid employees of a family business . END
there are two reasons why failure to come to grips with this demand could be fatal to the future of the catholic university . END
in the first place there is the obvious problem of recruiting high caliber personnel . END
word spreads rapidly in the tightly knit academic profession , much given to attending meetings and conferences . END
expressions of even UNK dissatisfaction by a catholic college faculty member has the effect of UNK the already existing stereotype . END
in the academic world there is seldom anything so dramatic as a strike or a boycott : all that happens is that the better qualified teacher declines to UNK two or three years of his life on the chance that conditions at the catholic institution will be as good as those elsewhere . END
to appreciate the nature of the UNK , it should be realized that while college teaching is almost a public symbol of security , that security does not come as quickly or as automatically as it does in an elementary school system or in the civil service . END
much has been made of the fact that major catholic institutions now guarantee firm tenure . END
this is a significant advance but its import should not be exaggerated . END
when a man UNK a block of his years at a university without gaining the coveted promotion , not only is he faced with the problem of starting over but there is also a certain depreciation in the market value of his services . END
a man does not make that kind of UNK if he suspects that one or more of the limited number of tenure positions is being reserved for members of the `` family '' . END
just as it is possible to exaggerate the drawing power of the new tenure practices , it is also possible to exaggerate the significance of the now relatively adequate salaries paid by major catholic institutions . END
adequate compensation is indispensable . END
yet adequate compensation -- and particularly merely adequate compensation is no substitute for those UNK which cause a man to sacrifice part of his earning potential by taking up college teaching in the first place . END
broadly speaking the total catholic atmosphere is such an intangible but the larger demand is for a sense of creative participation and mature responsibility in the total work of the university . END
religious who derive their own sense of purpose through identification with the religious community rather than the academic community are prone to underestimate both the UNK reservoir of UNK and his need for this identification . END
there is no need here to spell out the conditions of creative teaching except to point out that , at the college level , the sense of community and of community responsibility is even more necessary than it is at other levels . END
the college teacher needs the stimulus of communication with other faculty members but he also needs to feel that such communication , even informal debates over the luncheon table , are a contribution to the total good of the institution . END
but this in turn means that decisions are not merely imposed from the top but that there be some actual mechanism of faculty participation . END
the second reason for being concerned with the UNK between faculty members who are part of the `` in-group '' that owns and operates the institution and those who are merely paid employees , is , therefore , the UNK effect on the caliber of the teaching itself . END
this is a problem that goes considerably beyond questions of salary and tenure . END
yet though it may seem difficult to UNK any definitive resolution of the problem of ownership and control , there are nevertheless certain suggestions which seem to be in order . END
the first is a negative warning : there is no point in the creation of faculty committees and advisory boards with UNK titles but no real authority . END
in the case of academic personnel the `` feeling '' of participation can hardly be `` UNK '' . END
competent teachers are well UNK in the technique of leading students to UNK conclusions without destroying the students' illusion that they are making their own decisions . END
those who have served as faculty advisers are too familiar with the useful but artificial mechanisms of student government to be taken in by `` UNK '' and UNK decision making . END
in any case it is by no means clear that formally structured organs of participation are what is called for at all . END
in the notre dame report , reference was made to the fact that faculty members were reduced to `` UNK communication '' . END
in itself there is nothing wrong with this form of `` participation '' : the only difficulty on the catholic campus is that those faculty members who are in a position to implement policy , i.e. , members of the religious community which owns and UNK the institution , have their own eating arrangements . END
sen. john l. mcclellan of arkansas and rep. david martin of nebraska are again beating the drums to place the unions under the anti-monopoly laws . END
once more the UNK equation is advanced to argue that since business is restricted under the anti-monopoly laws , there must be a corresponding restriction against labor unions : the law must treat everybody equally . END
or , in the words of UNK france , `` the law in its majestic equality must forbid the rich , as well as the poor , from begging in the streets and sleeping under bridges '' . END
the public atmosphere that has been generated which makes acceptance of this law a possibility stems from the UNK into which the labor movement has fallen as a result of mr. UNK hearings into corruption in labor-management relations and , later , into the UNK UNK that plagued industrial relations at the missile sites . END
the senator was shocked by UNK over allegedly trivial disputes that delayed our missile program . END
in addition , disclosures that missile workers were earning sums far in excess of what is paid for equivalent work elsewhere provoked his indignation on behalf of the american taxpayer who was UNK the bill . END
it is now disclosed that the taxpayer not only pays for high wages , but he pays the UNK strike expenses when the latter UNK to fight a strike . END
business week ( aug. 9 , 1961 ) reports that the united aircraft company , against which the international association of UNK had undertaken a strike , decided to keep its plants operating . END
the company incurred some $10 million of expenses attributable to four factors : advertising to attract new employees , hiring and training them , extra UNK , and defective work performed by the new workers . END
the company has UNK the united states government for UNK of these expenses under the defense department regulation allowing costs of a type generally recognized as ordinary and necessary for the conduct of the UNK business . END
rep. frank kowalski of connecticut has brought this problem to the attention of the armed services committee . END
the committee remains UNK . END
neither has congressman martin nor senator mcclellan been heard from on the matter ; ; END
they are preoccupied with ending labor abuses by extending the anti-monopoly laws to the unions . END
the recent publicity attending the successful federal prosecution of a conspiracy indictment against a number of electrical manufacturers has evoked a new respect for the anti-trust laws that is justified neither by their rationale nor by the results they have obtained . END
the anti-trust laws inform a business that it must compete , but along completely undefined lines ; ; END
it must play a game in which there never is a winner . END
the fact is that any business that wants to operate successfully cannot follow the law . END
hypocrisy thus becomes the answer to a foolish public policy . END
let us look at the UNK industry in which general electric , UNK and a number of other manufacturers were recently convicted of engaging in a conspiracy to rig prices and UNK the market . END
the industry is so structured that UNK by a UNK company will vary with the way overhead charges are allocated -- whether marginal or average pricing is applied . END
the problem becomes even more complex where an enterprise is engaged in the manufacture of a wide variety of other goods in addition to the heavy electrical equipment . END
accounting procedures can be varied to provide a rationale for almost any price . END
naturally , enterprises of the size of general electric are in a position to structure their prices in such a way that the relatively small competitors can be forced to the wall in a very short time . END
should these giants really UNK their competitive muscles , they would become the only survivors in the industry . END
uncle sam would then accuse them of creating a monopoly by `` unfair competition '' . END
but if they show UNK , they don't get the orders . END
under the circumstances , the only protection for the relatively small manufacturers is to engage in exactly the kind of conspiracy with the giants for which the latter were convicted . END
engaging in such a conspiracy was an act of mercy by the giants . END
the paradox implicit in the whole affair is shown by the demand of the government , after the conviction , that general electric sign a UNK consent UNK that it would not reduce prices so low as to compete seriously with its fellows . END
in other words , the anti-trust laws , designed to reduce prices to the consumer on monday , wednesday and friday , become a tool to protect the marginal manufacturer on tuesday , thursday and saturday . END
and which theory would govern the UNK of the law on sunday ? ? END
the question might be asked : `` don't the UNK of the UNK manufacturers know these facts ? ? END
why did they engage in a flood of UNK UNK , throw a few UNK to the dogs and promise to be good boys thereafter , expressing their complete confidence in the laws '' ? ? END
the past usefulness of the anti-trust laws to management was explained by UNK arnold , in the folklore of capitalism , back in 1937 . END
he wrote : `` ( p. UNK ) the anti-trust laws were the answer of a society which unconsciously felt the need of great organizations , and at the same time had to deny them a place in the moral and logical ideology of the social structure . END
( p. UNK ) anti-trust laws became the greatest protection to uncontrolled business dictatorship . END
( p. UNK ) when corporate abuses were attacked , it was done on the theory that criminal penalties would be invoked rather than control . END
in this manner , every scheme for direct control broke to pieces on the great protective rock of the anti-trust laws . END
( pp. UNK ) in any event , it is obvious that the anti-trust laws did not prevent the formation of some of the greatest financial empires the world has ever known , held together by some of the most fantastic ideas , all based on the fundamental notion that a corporation is an individual who can trade and exchange goods without control by the government '' . END
this escape from control has led to UNK evaluating the risk of occasional irrational prosecution as worth while . END
a plea of UNK UNK , followed by a nominal fine , after all is a small price to pay for this untrammeled license . END
( the penalties handed out in the electrical case , which included jail sentences , were unprecedented in anti-trust UNK , perhaps because the conspirators had displayed unusual UNK in their pricing activities . END
if a substitute mechanism is needed for the control of a UNK impersonal market , quite obviously some method must be devised for representing the public interest . END
a secret conspiracy of manufacturers is hardly such a vehicle . END
however , one can argue that no such control is necessary as long as one UNK that the anti-trust laws are effective and rational . END
quite clearly the anti-trust laws are neither effective nor rational -- and yet the argument goes that they should be extended to the labor union . END
those who favor placing trade unions under anti-trust laws imply that they are advocating a brand new reform . END
before 1933 , individuals who opposed trade unions and collective bargaining said so in plain english . END
the acceptance of collective bargaining as a national policy in 1934 , implicit in the writing of section UNK of the national industrial recovery act , has made it UNK to oppose collective bargaining in principle . END
the wagner act , the UNK act and the UNK act all endorse the principle of collective bargaining . END
the basic purpose of an effective UNK system is the removal of wages from competition . END
if a union cannot perform this function , then collective bargaining is being UNK off by UNK as a gigantic fraud . END
the tortured reasoning that unions use to deny their ambition to exercise monopoly power over the supply and price of labor is one of the things that create a legal profession . END
the problem must be faced squarely . END
if laborers are merely commodities competing against each other in a market place like so many bags of wheat and corn ( UNK , by the way , by any agricultural UNK ) , then they may be UNK for reacting with complete antagonism to a system that imposes such status upon them . END
human labor was exactly that -- a commodity -- in UNK and nineteenth-century america . END
as early as 1776 , adam smith wrote in the wealth of nations : `` we have no acts of parliament against combining to lower the price of work ; ; END
but many against combining to raise it '' . END
eighteenth-century england , upon whose customs our common law was built , had outlawed unions as monopolies and UNK . END
in UNK , the boston house UNK strike for a UNK day was denounced by the organized employers , who declared : `` it is considered that all combinations by any classes of citizens intended to effect the value of labor tend to convert all its branches into monopolies '' . END
there were no pious UNK then about being for collective bargaining , but against labor monopoly . END
the courts shared the opinion of the employers . END
in people vs. fisher , justice savage of the new york supreme court declared : END
`` without any UNK and UNK interference on the subject , the price of labor or the wages of mechanics will be regulated by the demand for the manufactured article and the value of that which is paid for it ; ; END
but the right does not exist to raise the wages of the mechanic by any forced and artificial means '' . END
compare this statement of a nineteenth-century judge with how congressman martin , according to the daily labor report of sept. 19 , 1961 , UNK the necessity of enacting anti-trust legislation in the field of labor `` if we wish to prevent UNK fixing of wages , production or prices and if we wish to preserve the freedom of the employer and his employees to contract on wages , hours and conditions of employment '' . END
senator mcclellan is proposing the application of anti-trust measures to unions in transportation . END
his bill , allegedly aimed at UNK , would UNK the sherman , clayton and UNK acts to authorize the issuance of federal injunctions in any transportation strike and would make it illegal for any union to act in concert with any other union -- even a sister local in the same international . END
paradoxically , the same week in which senator mcclellan was attempting to extend the anti-trust act to labor in transportation , the civil UNK board was assuring the airlines that if they met in concert to eliminate many costly features of air travel , the action would not be deemed a violation of the anti-trust act . END
indeed , it is in the field of transportation that congress has most frequently granted employers exemption from the anti-trust laws ; ; END
for example , the organization of UNK conferences to set freight rates and the encouragement of railroads to seek mergers . END
at the very moment that every attempt is being made to take management out from under the UNK of anti-trust legislation , a drive is on to abolish collective bargaining under the guise of extending the anti-monopoly laws to unions who want no more than to continue to set wages in the same way that ship operators set freight rates . END
the passage of the sherman act was aimed at giant monopolies . END
it was most effective against trade unions . END
in the famous UNK UNK case , a suit was brought against the union by the UNK company for UNK practices , e.g. , trying to persuade consumers not to purchase the product of the struck manufacturer . END
the suit against the union was successful and many workers lost their homes to pay off the judgment . END
in 1914 , the clayton act attempted to take labor out from under the anti-trust legislation by stating that human labor was not to be considered a commodity . END
the law could not UNK economics . END
labor remained a commodity -- but presumably a privileged one granted UNK from the anti-trust laws . END
the courts , by interpretation , UNK the act . END
in 1922 , the united mine workers struck the UNK coal company . END
the company sued under the anti-trust laws , UNK that the UNK activity interfered with the movement of interstate commerce . END
( what other purpose could a striking union have but to interrupt the flow of commerce from the struck enterprise ? ? END
) the court first ruled that the strike constituted only an indirect interference with commerce . END
at a UNK session on capitol hill last week , secretary of state christian UNK made his final report to the senate foreign relations committee on u.s. affairs abroad . END
afterward , UNK democratic senator albert gore summed it up for newsmen . END
what UNK presented , said gore , was `` not a very encouraging review '' . END
that was something of an understatement in a week when the underlying conflict between the west and communism erupted on three fronts . END
while communists were UNK united nations efforts to rescue the congo from chaos , two other communist UNK stirred the eisenhower administration into emergency conferences and serious decisions . END
hours after a parade of his new soviet tanks and artillery , dictator fidel castro suddenly confronted the u.s. with a blunt and drastic demand : within 48 hours , the u.s. had to reduce its embassy and UNK staffs in cuba to a total of eleven persons ( the embassy staff alone totaled UNK u.s. citizens , plus 120 cuban employees ) . END
president eisenhower held an 8:30 a.m. meeting with top military and UNK advisers , decided to break off diplomatic relations immediately . END
`` there is a limit to what the united states in self-respect can endure '' , said the president . END
`` that limit has now been reached '' . END
through secretary UNK , UNK offered president-elect kennedy an opportunity to associate his new administration with the UNK decision . END
kennedy , through UNK of state dean rusk , declined . END
he thus kept his hands free for any action after jan. 20 , although reaction to the break was generally favorable in the u.s. and latin america ( see the hemisphere ) . END
after a white house UNK between the president and top UNK , the defense department reacted sharply to a cry from the pro-western government of laos that several UNK of communist troops had invaded laos from north viet nam . END
`` in view of the present situation in laos '' , said the UNK announcement , `` we are taking normal UNK actions to increase the readiness of our forces in the pacific '' . END
cutting short a holiday at hong kong , the aircraft carriers lexington and bennington steamed off into the south china sea , accompanied by a UNK of UNK , plus UNK loaded with marines . END
on the UNK island base of UNK , task force UNK , made up of army , navy , marine and air force units , got braced to move southward on signal . END
but by week's end the laotian cry of invasion was read as an exaggeration ( see foreign news ) , and the u.s. was agreeing with its cautious british and french allies that a neutralist -- rather than a pro-western -- government might be best for laos . END
there was a moral of sorts in the laotian situation that said much about all other UNK fronts . END
political , economic and military experts were all agreed that chaotic , mountainous little laos was the last place in the world to fight a war -- and they were probably right . END
`` it would be like fighting the french and indian war all over again '' , said one military man . END
but why was laos the new southeast asian UNK ? ? END
at geneva in 1954 , to get the war in UNK settled , the british and french gave in to russian and communist chinese demands and agreed to the setting up of a communist state , north viet nam -- which then , UNK , became a base for communist operations against neighboring south viet nam and laos . END
the late secretary of state john foster dulles considered the 1954 geneva agreement a specimen of UNK , saw that resolution would be needed to keep it from becoming a calamity for the west . END
he began the diplomatic discussions that resulted in the establishment of aj . END
`` the important thing from now on '' , he said , `` is not to UNK the past but to seize the future opportunity to prevent the loss in northern viet nam from leading to the extension of communism throughout southeast asia '' . END
russian tanks and artillery UNK through the streets of havana , russian intrigue in the congo , and russian arms drops in laos ( using the same UNK transports that were used to carry communist agents to the congo ) made it plain once more that the cold war was all of a piece in space and time . END
soviet premier khrushchev sent new year's hopes for peace to president-elect kennedy , and got a cool UNK in reply . END
considering the state of the whole world , the cold UNK three exposed fronts did not seem terribly ominous ; ; END
but , in senator UNK words , it was `` not a very encouraging '' situation that would confront john f. kennedy on inauguration day . END
as the UNK congress began its sessions last week , liberal democrats were ready for a finish fight to open the UNK gates controlled by the house rules committee and permit the free flow of liberal legislation to the floor . END
the liberal pressure bloc ( which UNK UNK under the name democratic study group ) had fought the committee before , and had always lost . END
this time , they were much better prepared and organized , and the political climate was favorable . END
they had the UNK support of president-elect kennedy , whose own legislative program was UNK by the rules committee UNK . END
and counting noses , they seemed to have the votes to work their will . END
there were two possible methods of UNK the conservative barriers around the rules committee : 1 ) to pack it with additional liberals and break the UNK deadlock , or 2 ) to remove one of the conservatives -- namely UNK UNK william UNK colmer ( pronounced UNK ) . END
UNK , the liberals decided to go after colmer , which actually was the more drastic course , since UNK in the house is next to UNK . END
a UNK , UNK man with a UNK gait , colmer looks younger than his 70 years , has gradually swung from a moderate , UNK position to that of a UNK conservative . END
he is generally and initially suspicious of any federal project , unless it happens to benefit his gulf coast constituents . END
he is , of course , a UNK , but he says he has never made an `` UNK '' speech . END
for 20 years he has enjoyed his power on the rules committee . END
there his vote , along with those of chairman howard smith , the UNK virginia judge , and the four republican members , could and often did produce a UNK deadlock that blocked UNK , UNK welfare legislation ( a tactic often acceptable to the UNK congressional leadership to avoid embarrassing votes ) . END
there was sufficient UNK to demand UNK UNK : he had given his lukewarm support to the UNK UNK in mississippi . END
UNK are not UNK of in such situations , but the recent tendency has been for the congress to forgive its UNK sons . END
in 1949 the UNK escaped UNK after their 1948 rebellion against harry truman , and in 1957 , after congressman adam clayton powell campaigned for dwight eisenhower in 1956 , his fellow democrats did not touch his committee assignments , although they did strip him temporarily of his patronage . END
( in the heat of the UNK drive last week , judge smith threatened UNK against powell . END
said he : `` we will see whether whites and negroes are treated the same around here '' . END
) but speaker sam rayburn , after UNK in palm beach with president-elect kennedy , decided that this year something had to be done about the rules committee -- and that he was the only man who could do anything effective . END
in a tense , UNK session with judge smith , rayburn attempted to work out a compromise : to add three new members to the rules committee ( two democrats , including one southerner , and one republican ) . END
smith flatly rejected the offer , and mister sam thereupon decided to join the rebels . END
the next morning he summoned a group of top democrats to his private office and broke the news : he would lead the fight to UNK colmer , whom he is said to regard as `` an inferior man '' . END
news of rayburn's commitment soon leaked out . END
when missouri's clarence cannon got the word , he turned purple . END
`` UNK '' ! ! END
he shouted , and rushed off to the speaker's room to object : `` a dangerous precedent '' ! ! END
cannon , a powerful , conservative man , brought welcome support to the UNK forces : as chairman of the appropriations committee , he holds over each member the dreadful threat of excluding this or that congressional district from federal UNK projects . END
sitting quietly on an equally big pork barrel was another judge smith ally , georgia's carl UNK , chairman of the armed services committee . END
as the battle raged in the UNK and UNK , it became clear that judge smith could lose . END
his highest count of supporters numbered 72 -- and he needed nearly twice that number to control the UNK democratic UNK . END
the liberals , smelling blood , were faced with the necessity of winning three big votes -- in the democratic committee on committees , in the full party UNK , and on the floor of the house -- before they could UNK colmer . END
( one big question : if colmer was to be UNK , what should the house do about the other three senior UNK who supported the UNK UNK ? ? END
) in all three UNK , they seemed certain of victory -- especially with sam rayburn applying his UNK . END
but in the prospect of winning the battle UNK the UNK of losing a UNK war . END
if the southerners were sufficiently aroused , they could very well cut the kennedy legislative program to ribbons from their vantage point of committee UNK , leaving sam rayburn leading a UNK , UNK party . END
with that possibility in mind , UNK UNK mills deliberately delayed calling a meeting of the committee on committees , and UNK democrats sought to bring rayburn and smith together again to work out some sort of face-saving compromise . END
`` here are two old men , mad at each other and too proud to pick up the phone '' , said a house democratic leader . END
`` one wants a little more power , and the other doesn't want to give up any '' . END
the senate launched the UNK congress with its own version of an ancient UNK battle , but in contrast with the UNK guerrilla war it seemed as pro UNK as a capitol UNK speech . END
question at issue : how big a vote should be necessary to restrict senate debate -- and thereby cut off UNK UNK ? ? END
a UNK , UNK force -- from UNK democratic UNK humphrey to UNK republican UNK UNK -- was drawn up against a solid phalanx of southern democrats , who have traditionally used the UNK to stop civil rights bills . END
new UNK clint anderson offered a resolution to change the senate's notorious rule 22 to allow UNK of the senators present and voting to cut off debate , instead of the current UNK two-thirds . END
fair dealer humphrey UNK the UNK , asked UNK power for a mere majority of senators . END
georgia's dick russell objected politely , and the battle was joined . END
privately , the liberals admitted that the humphrey amendment had no chance of passage . END
privately , they also admitted that their hopes for clint anderson's UNK modification depended on none other than republican richard nixon . END
in 1957 nixon delivered a significant opinion that a majority of senators had the power to adopt new rules at the beginning of each new congress , and that any rules laid down by previous UNK were not binding . END
armed with the nixon opinion , the senate liberals rounded up their slim majority and prepared to choke off debate on the UNK battle this week . END
hopefully , the perennial battle of rule 22 then would be fought to a settlement once and for all . END
since election day , vice president richard nixon had virtually retired -- by his own wish -- from public view . END
but with the UNK of the new congress , he was the public man again , presiding over the senate until john kennedy's inauguration . END
one day last week , nixon faced a painful constitutional chore that required him to UNK at a joint session of congress to hear the official tally of the electoral college vote , and then to make `` sufficient declaration '' of the election of the man who defeated him in the tight 1960 presidential election . END
nixon fulfilled his assignment with grace , then went beyond the required `` sufficient declaration '' . END
`` this is the first time in 100 years that a candidate for the presidency announced the result of an election in which he was defeated '' , he said . END
the masters golf tournament proved last monday what it can do to the strongest men and the UNK nerves . END
gary player , the small , trim south african , was the eventual winner , but in all his 25 years he never spent a more UNK afternoon as he waited for the victory to drop in his lap . END
arnold palmer , the defending champion , lost his title on the UNK hole after a few minutes of misfortune that left even his fellow UNK UNK in disbelief . END
`` just when you think you have it licked , this golf course can get up and bite you '' , player had said one afternoon midway through the tournament . END
and that is just what happened on the last few holes . END
the augusta national golf club course got up and bit both player and palmer . END
player was the first to feel its teeth . END
after playing a splendid first nine holes in 34 -- two strokes under par -- on this fifth and final day of the tournament ( sunday's fourth round had been washed out by a violent UNK when it was only half completed ) , player's game rapidly fell to pieces . END
he UNK the UNK . END
after a journey through woods and stream he UNK the 13th . END
he UNK the 15th by missing a short putt and finally scrambled through the last three holes without further mishap for a UNK 74 and a UNK total of 280 . END
as he signed his UNK and walked off the course , player was almost in tears . END
he could read on the nearby scoreboard that palmer , by then playing the 15th hole , was leading him by a stroke . END
palmer had started the round four strokes behind player , and at one point in the afternoon had trailed by as many as six strokes . END
now all he had to do was finish in even par to collect the trophy and the biggest single UNK in golf . END
when palmer hit a good straight drive up the fairway on the UNK hole , he seemed to have the championship won . END
but the UNK shot he used to approach the green UNK into a UNK and UNK in a slight depression . END
in trying to hit it out with a sand wedge palmer bounced the ball over the green , past spectators and down the slope toward a tv tower . END
afterwards , palmer told charlie coe , his UNK partner , that he simply played the hole too fast . END
he did seem hasty on his second and third shots , but then there was an UNK wait of several minutes while coe UNK UNK out , giving palmer a chance to recover his composure , which he had quite visibly lost . END
when the shaken palmer finally did hit his fourth shot , he UNK the hole by 15 feet . END
palmer was now putting merely for a tie , and player , who was sitting beside his wife and watching it all on television in tournament chairman clifford roberts' clubhouse apartment , stared in amazement when palmer missed the putt . END
palmer's UNK for the four rounds at augusta was a comfortable four strokes ahead of the next closest pro , but it was barely good enough for a UNK tie with coe . END
the lean and UNK oklahoma amateur , who has been playing UNK tournament golf for many years , refused to let the masters UNK UNK him and closed the tournament with his second straight 69 . END
until late last saturday afternoon palmer had played seven consecutive rounds of golf at the masters -- four last year and three this -- without ever being out of first place . END
as evening approached and palmer finished his saturday round with a disappointing UNK 73 , this remarkable record was still intact , thanks to his thursday and friday rounds of 68 and 69 . END
his UNK total of UNK was three strokes better than the next best score , a UNK by bill collins , the tall and deliberate UNK who had been playing very well all winter long . END
but palmer knew , as did everybody else at augusta , that his streak was about to be broken . END
half an hour after he finished his round , player UNK out at the 18th green with a 69 and a UNK total of UNK , four strokes ahead of palmer . END
more than a streak had ended . END
long after the UNK climate and the UNK final round on sunday have become UNK UNK , the 1961 masters will be remembered as the scene of the UNK a UNK between arnold palmer and gary player . END
unlike most such sports UNK , it appeared to have developed almost spontaneously , although this was not exactly the case . END
when the winter tour began at los angeles last january there was no one in sight to challenge palmer's towering prestige . END
as if to confirm his stature , he quickly won three of the first eight tournaments . END
player won only one . END
but as the tour reached pensacola a month ago , player was leading palmer in official UNK by a few hundred dollars , and the rest of the field was somewhere off in nowhere . END
on the final round at pensacola , the luck of the draw paired palmer and player in the same UNK and , although it was far from obvious at the time , the gallery was treated to the first chapter of what promises to be one of the most exciting UNK in sport for a long time to come . END
on that final sunday at pensacola neither palmer nor player was leading the tournament and , as it turned out , neither won it . END
but whichever of these two finished ahead of the other would be the UNK financial leader of the tour . END
player immediately proved he was not in the least awed by the dramatic proximity of palmer . END
he UNK palmer all around the course and finished with a tremendous 65 to palmer's 71 . END
thereafter , until the masters , player gradually increased his lead over palmer in UNK and added one more tournament victory at miami . END
when they reached augusta last week , together they had won five of the 13 tournaments to date . END
on thursday , the first day of the masters , the contest between palmer and player developed instantly . END
it was a dismal , UNK day but a good one on which to score over the augusta national course . END
the usually UNK greens were moist and soft , so the golfers were able to strike their approach shots boldly at the UNK and putt firmly toward the hole without too much worry about the consequences . END
palmer's UNK 68 got him off to an early lead , which he shared with bob rosburg . END
but player was only one stroke back , with a 69 . END
even so , it was still not clear to many in the enormous UNK of spectators -- unquestionably the largest golf crowd ever -- that this tournament was to be , essentially , a match between palmer and player . END
a lot of people were still thinking about jack UNK , the spectacular young amateur , who had a 70 ; ; END
or ken UNK , who had a somewhat shaky 72 but was bound to do better ; ; END
or rosburg , whose accurate short game and UNK UNK can overcome so many of UNK UNK ; ; END
or even old byron nelson , whose excellent 71 made one wonder if he had solved the UNK aspects of golf . END
( on thursday nobody except charlie coe was thinking of charlie coe . END
on friday , a day as UNK and lovely as thursday had been gray and ugly , the plot of the tournament came clearly into focus . END
rosburg had started early in the day , and by the time palmer and player were on the course -- separated , as they were destined to be for the rest of the weekend , by about half an hour -- they could see on the numerous UNK spotted around the course that rosburg , who ended with a 73 , was not having a good day . END
as player began his second round in a UNK with amateur bill UNK , his share of the gallery was not conspicuously large for a UNK . END
player began with a birdie on the first hole , added five straight UNK and then another birdie at the 9th . END
on the back nine he began to acquire the UNK wave of a gallery that stayed with him the rest of the tournament . END
he birdied the 13th , the 15th and the 18th -- five UNK , one bogey and 12 UNK for a 68 . END
starting half an hour behind player in company with british open champion UNK UNK , palmer birdied the UNK , the 9th , the 13th and the 16th -- four UNK , one bogey and 13 UNK for a 69 . END
the roar of palmer's gallery as he sank a thrilling putt would roll out across the UNK landscape of augusta , only to be answered moments later by the roar of player's gallery for a similar triumph . END
at one point late in the day , when palmer was UNK up a UNK putt on the 16th , a UNK cheer from the direction of the 18th green unmistakably announced that player had birdied the final hole . END
without so much as a UNK or a gesture to show that he had noticed ( although he later admitted that he had ) palmer proceeded to sink his UNK , and his gallery sent its explosive UNK rolling back along the UNK UNK in reply . END
anyone who now doubted that a personal duel was under way had only to watch how these exceptionally gifted golfers were playing this most difficult golf course . END
it is almost UNK that golfers who dominate the game of golf for any period of time attack their shots with a UNK bordering on violence . END
the bad luck that can so often mar a UNK round of golf is simply UNK and UNK by the contemptuous UNK of these champions . END
bob jones played that way . END
byron nelson did , hogan did . END
and last week at the masters palmer and player did . END
as the third round of the tournament began on saturday and the duel was resumed in earnest , it was player's superior aggressiveness that carried him into the lead . END
this day palmer had started first . END
as player stepped on the first tee he knew that palmer had birdied the first two holes and already was 2 under par for the day . END
player immediately proceeded to follow suit . END
in fact , he went on to birdie the 6th and UNK as well , to go 4 under par for the first eight holes . END
but player's real test came on the ninth hole , a downhill UNK to the left measuring UNK yards . END
he hit a poor tee shot , pulling it off into the pine woods separating the 9th and first UNK . END
having hit one of the trees , the ball came to rest not more than 160 yards out . END
player then had the choice of UNK the ball safely out of the woods to the 9th fairway and settling for a bogey 5 , or gambling . END
the latter involved hitting a full UNK out to the first fairway and toward the clubhouse , hoping to slice it back to the deeply UNK 9th green . END
`` i was hitting the ball well '' , player said later , `` and i felt strong . END
when you're playing like that you'd better attack '' . END
player attacked with his UNK and hit a shot that few who saw it will ever forget . END
it struck the 9th green on the fly and stopped just off the edge . END
from there he chipped back and sank his putt for a par 4 . END
palmer , meanwhile , had been having his troubles . END
they started on the 4th hole , a UNK UNK . END
on this day the wind had switched UNK from the northwest to the southeast , and nearly every shot on the course was different from the previous few days . END
at the 4th tee palmer chose to hit a UNK when a UNK was the proper club , so he put the ball in a UNK in front of the green . END
his bogey 4 on this hole and subsequent UNK at 5 and 7 along with a birdie at 8 brought him back to even par . END
starting the second nine , palmer was already four strokes behind player and knew it . END
when mickey charles mantle , the new york UNK man of muscle , drives a home run 450 feet into the bleachers , his feat touches upon the UNK . END
when roger eugene maris , mantle's muscular UNK , powers four home runs in a UNK , his performance merits awe . END
but when tiny , UNK albert gregory pearson of the los angeles angels , who once caught three straight fly balls in center field because , as a UNK explained , `` the other team thought no one was out there '' , hits seven home runs in four months ( three more than his total in 1958 , 1959 , and 1960 ) , his achievement borders on the ridiculous . END
this is baseball 1961 . END
this is the year home runs ranged from the UNK to the ridiculous . END
it is the year when ( 1 ) UNK jim gentile of the baltimore orioles UNK to the plate in consecutive innings with the bases loaded and , in unprecedented style , delivered consecutive UNK home runs ; ; END
( 2 ) willie mays of the san francisco giants borrowed a UNK bat and became the ninth big UNK to stroke four home runs in a game ; ; END
( 3 ) the milwaukee UNK tied a major-league record with fourteen home runs in three games and lost two of them ; ; END
and ( 4 ) catcher johnny UNK of the new york yankees matched a record with home runs in four successive times at bat , two of them as a UNK . END
pitchers grumble about lively balls and lively bats , the UNK strike zone , and the fact that the UNK pitch is now illegal . END
experts point to the UNK of pitching talent in the american league caused by expansion . END
whatever the reasons , not in 30 years has a single season produced such UNK assaults upon the bureau of baseball records , UNK division . END
of all the records in peril , one stands apart , dramatic in its making , dramatic in its endurance , and now , doubly dramatic in its jeopardy . END
this , of course , is UNK most remarkable mark : the 60 home runs hit in 1927 by the UNK UNK , the incredible athlete , george herman ( babe ) ruth of the yankees . END
since 1927 , fewer than a dozen men have made serious runs at babe ruth's record and each , in turn , has been thwarted . END
what ultimately frustrated every UNK was ruth's amazing september surge . END
in the final month of the 1927 season , he hit seventeen home runs , a closing UNK never matched . END
always , in the UNK attacks upon ruth's record , one man alone -- a jimmy UNK ( 58 in UNK ) or a hank UNK ( 58 in 1938 ) or a UNK wilson ( 56 in 1930 ) -- made the bid . END
but now , for the first time since lou gehrig ( with 47 home runs ) spurred ruth on in 1927 , two men playing for the same team have UNK in on 60 . END
their names are mantle and maris , their team is the yankees , and their threat is real . END
after 108 games in 1927 , ruth had 35 home runs . END
after 108 games in 1961 , mickey mantle has 43 , roger maris 41 . END
extend mantle's and maris's present paces over the full 1961 schedule of UNK games , and , mathematically , each will hit more than 60 home runs . END
this is the great edge the two yankees have going for them . END
to better ruth's mark , neither needs a spectacular september flourish . END
all mantle needs is eight more home runs in august and ten in september , and he will establish a new record . END
in ruth's day -- and until this year -- the schedule was 154 games . END
baseball commissioner ford UNK has ruled that ruth's record will remain official unless it is broken in 154 games . END
`` even on the basis of 154 games , this is the ideal situation '' , insists hank UNK , now vice-president of the chicago white sox . END
`` it has to be easier with two of them . END
how can you walk maris to get to mantle '' ? ? END
neither mantle nor maris , UNK , will predict 60 home runs for himself . END
although both concede they would like to hit 60 , they stick primarily to the baseball player's standard quote : `` the important thing is to win the pennant '' . END
but one thing is for certain : there is no UNK between mantle , the american league's most valuable player in 1956 and 1957 , and maris , the UNK in 1960 . END
each enjoys seeing the other hit home runs ( `` i hope roger hits 80 '' , mantle says ) , and each enjoys even more seeing himself hit home runs ( `` and i hope i hit UNK '' ) . END
the UNK get along so well in fact , that with their families at home for the summer ( mantle's in dallas , maris's in kansas city ) , they are UNK together . END
mantle , maris , and bob cerv , a utility outfielder , share an apartment in UNK , long island , not far from new york international airport . END
the three pay UNK a month for four rooms ( kitchen , dining room , living room , and bedroom ) , with UNK and new modern furniture . END
mantle and cerv use the twin beds in the bedroom ; ; END
maris UNK on a green studio couch in the living room . END
they divide up the household chores : cerv does most of the cooking ( breakfast and sandwich UNK , with dinner out ) , mantle supplies the transportation ( a white 1961 UNK convertible ) , and maris drives the UNK course from the apartment house to yankee stadium . END
mantle , maris , and cerv probably share one major-league record already : among them , they have fifteen children -- eight for cerv , four for mantle , and three for maris . END
as UNK , UNK , and UNK mates , mantle , 29 , who broke in with the yankees ten years ago , and maris , 26 , who came to the yankees from kansas city two years ago , have strikingly similar backgrounds . END
both were scholastic stars in football , basketball , and baseball ( mantle in commerce , UNK , maris in UNK , UNK ) ; ; END
as UNK , both came close to playing football at the university of oklahoma ( `` sometimes in the minors '' , maris recalls , `` i wished i had gone to oklahoma '' ) . END
to an extent , the two even look alike . END
both have blue eyes and short blond hair . END
both are 6 feet tall and weigh between UNK and 200 pounds , but mantle , incredibly muscular ( he has a UNK neck ) , looks bigger . END
with their huge backs and UNK shoulders , both must have their clothes made to order . END
maris purchases $100 suits from UNK in new york . END
mantle , more concerned with dress , buys his suits four at a time at neiman-marcus in dallas and pays as much as $250 each . END
neither mantle nor maris need fear being classified an intellectual , but lately mantle has shown unusual devotion to an intellectual UNK , henry miller's `` UNK of cancer '' . END
mantle so appreciated miller's delicate literary style that he broadened UNK minds by reading sensitive passages aloud during road trips . END
mantle is not normally given to public speaking -- or , for that matter , to private speaking . END
`` what do you and mickey talk about at home '' ? ? END
a reporter asked maris recently . END
`` to tell you the truth '' , maris said , `` mickey don't talk much '' . END
this is no surprising UNK for a ballplayer . END
what is surprising and pleasant is that mantle and maris , under constant pressure from writers and photographers , are trying to be cooperative . END
of the two , mantle is by nature the less outgoing , maris the more outspoken . END
but last week , when a reporter was standing near mantle's locker , mickey walked up and volunteered an anecdote . END
`` see that kid '' ? ? END
he said , pointing to a UNK UNK boy . END
`` that's ( UNK ) UNK . END
i'll never forget one time i struck out three times , dropped a fly ball , and we lost the game . END
i came back , sitting by my locker , feeling real low , and the kid walks over to me , looks up , and says : ' you UNK ' '' . END
maris , in talking to reporters , tries to answer all questions UNK and fully , but on rare occasions , he UNK newsmen . END
`` when i've made a dumb play '' , he says , `` i don't want to talk to anyone . END
by his own confession , maris is an angry young man . END
UNK at UNK in 1955 , he told manager dutch meyer : `` i can't play for you . END
send me where i can play '' . END
( meyer sent him to reading , pa. . END
) UNK at indianapolis in 1956 , he told manager UNK farrell : `` i'm not learning anything on the bench . END
( farrell did -- and maris led the team to victory in the little world series . END
) `` that's the way i am '' , he says . END
`` i tell people what i think . END
if you're a good ballplayer , you've got to get mad . END
give me a team of nine angry men and i'll give you a team of nine gentlemen and we'll beat you nine out of ten times '' . END
one good indication of the two men's personalities is the way they reacted to meeting their own heroes . END
maris's was ted williams . END
`` when i was a kid '' , maris told a UNK last week , `` i used to follow williams every day in the box score , just to see whether he got a hit or not '' . END
`` when you came up to the UNK , did you seek out williams for advice '' ? ? END
`` are you kidding '' ? ? END
`` you're afraid to talk to a guy you UNK '' . END
mantle's hero was joe dimaggio . END
`` when mickey went to the yankees '' , says mark freeman , an UNK pitcher who sells mutual funds in denver , `` dimaggio still was playing and every day mickey would go by his locker , just aching for some word of encouragement from this great man , this hero of his . END
but dimaggio never said a word . END
he told me he vowed right then that if he ever got to be a star , this never would be said of him '' . END
mantle has kept the UNK . END
among all the yankees , he is the veteran most friendly to rookies . END
neither mantle nor maris is totally devoted to baseball above all else . END
if laying ties on a railroad track , which he once did for $1 an hour , paid more than playing right field for the yankees , maris would lay ties on a railroad track . END
if working in a zinc mine , which he once did for UNK cents an hour , paid more than playing center field for the yankees , mantle would work in a zinc mine . END
but since UNK and mining are not the highest paid arts , mantle and maris concentrate on baseball . END
they try to play baseball the best they can . END
each is a complete ballplayer . END
mantle , beyond any question , can do more things well . END
( `` one of the reasons they get along fine '' , says a UNK who is friendly with the two men , `` is that both realize mantle is UNK above maris '' . END
) hitting , mantle has an immediate advantage because he bats both UNK and UNK , maris only UNK . END
they both possess near classic UNK , dug in firmly , arms high , set for fierce UNK . END
mantle is considerably better hitting for average ( END
, fourth in the league , to END
for maris so far this year ) . END
both are good UNK : maris once beat out eighteen of nineteen in the minor leagues ; ; END
mantle is a master at dragging a UNK toward first base . END
both have brilliant speed : mantle was timed from home plate ( batting UNK ) to first base in UNK seconds , faster than any other major UNK ; ; END
maris ran the UNK dash in ten seconds in high school and once won a race against luis UNK , the swift , UNK shortstop of the white sox . END
both are good , daring UNK : mantle covers more ground ; ; END
maris's throwing arm is stronger . END
yet with all their skills , the appeal of mantle and maris in 1961 comes down to one basic : the home run . END
with this ultimate weapon , the two yankees may have saved baseball from its UNK season . END
( american league expansion created , inevitably , weaker teams . END
only two teams in each league ( the yankees and detroit , the dodgers and cincinnati ) are UNK for first place . END
appropriately , the emphasis on the home run , at a peak this year , came into being at UNK lowest moment . END
in 1920 , as the startling news that the 1919 white sox had UNK to lose the world series leaked out , fans grew UNK and disinterested in baseball . END
something was needed to revive interest ; ; END
the something was the home run . END
into washington on president-elect john f. kennedy's UNK , the UNK , UNK UNK frank sinatra and his close hollywood UNK , UNK peter UNK , jack kennedy's brother-in-law . END
also included in the entourage : a dog in a black sweater , frankie and peter had an urgent mission : to stage a mammoth inauguration eve entertainment gala in the UNK national guard UNK . END
frankie was fairly UNK with ideas , as he had hinted upon his arrival : `` it's really tremendous when you think UNK fitzgerald is coming from australia . END
i could talk to you for three hours and still not be able to give you all of our plans '' ! ! END
as the plans were laid , some several thousand fat cats were to be UNK in the UNK $100 seats and in 68 UNK boxes priced at $10,000 each . END
the biggest single act would doubtless be staged by frankie himself : his inaugural wardrobe had been designed by hollywood UNK don UNK , who regularly makes up ladies' UNK . END
soon after UNK leaked the news that frankie had ordered `` two of everything '' just `` in case he UNK anything '' , frankie got so mad at the chic designer that he vowed he would not wear a UNK of UNK clothing . END
a year after he was UNK over nine officers senior to him and made UNK of the marine corps , general david m. shoup delivered a UNK annual report in the form of a `` happy , UNK new year '' greeting to his pentagon staff . END
said UNK shoup : `` a year ago i took the grips of the plow in my hands . END
after pushing an accumulation of vines and weeds from the UNK , i lifted the lines from the dust and found UNK to that plow the finest team i ever held a UNK on . END
little UNK and UNK have been necessary '' . END
but shoup also gave the corps a UNK in spots . END
speaking of `` pride '' , he UNK the UNK officer `` whose uniform looks like it belonged to someone who retired in 1940 ; ; END
the officer with the yellow socks or the bay window . END
a few of these people are still around '' . END
old and new briefly crossed paths in the u.s. senate , then went their respective ways . END
at a reception for new members of congress , oregon democrat UNK UNK , taking the senate seat held by her husband richard until his death last march , got a UNK UNK from democratic elder statesman adlai stevenson , u.s. UNK to the u.n. . END
meanwhile , after 24 years in the senate , rhode island's durable democrat theodore francis greene -- having walked , UNK and UNK himself to the hearty age of UNK -- left that august body ( voluntarily , because he could surely have been UNK had he chosen to run again last november ) , as the oldest man ever to serve in the senate . END
the most famous undergraduate of south philadelphia high school is a current UNK idol , UNK UNK fabian ( real name : fabian forte ) , 17 , and last week it developed that he will remain an undergraduate for a while . END
the principal of the school announced that -- despite the help of private UNK in hollywood and philadelphia -- fabian is a UNK scholar in english and mathematics . END
lacking his needed credits in those subjects , fabian will not graduate with his old classmates next week . END
south philadelphia UNK principal added that the current delay was caused by the `` pressure '' of a movie that the UNK lad was making . END
to UNK man UNK johnson ( time cover , aug. 29 ) , whose gold medal in last summer's olympic games was won as much on UNK as talent , went the UNK james e. sullivan memorial trophy as the outstanding u.s. amateur athlete of 1960 . END
as the world's top sportsman -- pro or amateur -- sports illustrated tapped UNK confident arnold palmer ( time cover , may 2 ) , who staged two UNK UNK to win both the masters and u.s. open UNK , went on to win a record UNK for the year . END
tooling through sydney on his way to race in the new UNK grand UNK , britain's UNK ace driver UNK moss , 31 , all but smothered himself in his own exhaust of UNK . END
`` i'm a slob '' , he announced . END
`` my taste is gaudy . END
i'm useless for anything but racing cars . END
i'm UNK lazy , and i'm getting on in years . END
it gets so UNK , but then again i don't know what i could do if i gave up racing '' . END
has moss no UNK virtues ? ? END
`` i appreciate beauty '' . END
one of nikita khrushchev's most enthusiastic UNK , the UNK daily UNK , UNK interviewed UNK comedian charlie UNK at his swiss villa , where he has been in UNK since 1952 . END
UNK , 71 , who met k. when the soviet boss visited england in 1956 , confided that he hopes to visit russia some time this summer because `` i have UNK at your UNK experiment and i believe in your future '' . END
then charlie UNK out some quick impressions of the nikita he had glimpsed : `` i was UNK by his humor , frankness and good nature and by his kind , strong and somewhat sly face '' . END
g. david thompson is one of those names known to the UNK of UNK UNK and to UNK in UNK best hotels , but he is somewhat of an enigma to most people in his own home town of pittsburgh . END
there the name vaguely UNK UNK wealth , a reputation for eccentricity , and an UNK for collecting art . END
last week , in the german city of UNK , g. david thompson was making headlines that could well give pittsburgh pause . END
on display were UNK first-class paintings and sculptures from his fabled collection -- and every single one of them was up for sale . END
like UNK late dr. albert c. barnes who kept his own great collection closed to the general public ( time , jan. 2 ) , thompson , at 61 , is something of a legend in his own lifetime . END
he made his fortune during world war 2 , when he took over a number of dying steel plants and kept them alive until the boom . END
even before he hit big money , he had begun buying modern paintings . END
he gave the impression of never having read a word about art , but there was no doubt that he had an eye for the best . END
he was able to smell a bargain -- and a masterpiece -- a continent away , and the museum of modern UNK alfred UNK said of him : `` i have never mentioned a new artist that thompson didn't know about '' . END
he might barge into a gallery , start UNK over prices without so much as a word of greeting . END
he could be lavishly generous with friends , cab drivers and UNK , but with dealers he was tough . END
he bought up UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , a splendid picasso series , more than 70 UNK sculptures . END
he gathered one of the biggest collections of paul UNK in the world . END
all these he hung in his UNK home called UNK throw , outside pittsburgh , and only people he liked and trusted ever got to see them . END
two years ago thompson offered his collection to the city . END
but he insisted that it be housed in a special museum . END
pittsburgh turned him down , just as pittsburgh society had been UNK him for years . END
he went then to a UNK UNK art dealer named ernst UNK , with whom he had long been trading pictures . END
last year UNK arranged to sell UNK worth of UNK to the state of north UNK , which will house them in a museum that is yet to be built . END
last week most of the other prizes , once offered to pittsburgh , went on the block . END
at the opening of the UNK show , thompson himself scarcely glanced at the treasures that he was seeing together for the last time . END
in fact he seemed delighted to get rid of them . END
some observers UNK that this might be his revenge on his home town . END
thompson himself said : `` i want to enjoy once more the pleasure of bare walls waiting for new pictures '' . END
the university of georgia has long claimed that it does not UNK against any applicant on the basis of race or color . END
but in all its UNK years , not a single negro student has entered its classrooms . END
last week federal district judge william a. UNK ordered the university to admit immediately a `` qualified '' negro boy and girl . END
their entry will crack the total segregation of all public education , from UNK through graduate school , in georgia -- and in alabama , mississippi and south carolina as well . END
for 18 months , hamilton holmes , 19 , and charlayne hunter , 18 , had tried to get into the university . END
they graduated together from atlanta's turner high school , where UNK holmes was first in the class and charlayne third . END
the university rejected them on a variety of UNK , but was careful never to mention the color of their skins . END
holmes went to atlanta's UNK ( negro ) college , where he is a b student and star halfback . END
charlayne studied journalism at UNK wayne state university . END
last fall , after they took their hopes for entering georgia to court , judge UNK ordered them to apply again . END
charlayne was `` tentatively '' admitted for next fall , after state investigators questioned her white UNK at wayne state . END
but holmes was rejected again `` on the basis of his record and interview '' . END
the evidence in court was testimony about the interview , which for holmes lasted an hour , although at least one white student at georgia got through this ritual by a simple phone conversation . END
holmes was asked if he had ever visited a house of prostitution , or a `` beatnik parlor or UNK '' . END
no , said he , but officials still called him `` evasive '' . END
they also said he lied in saying that he had never been `` arrested '' . END
their reason : holmes once paid a $20 speeding fine , had his license suspended . END
negro lawyers dug into the records of 300 white students , found that many were hardly interviewed at all -- and few had academic records as good as hamilton holmes . END
the real reason for his rejection , they argued , is the fact that georgia law automatically cuts off funds for any desegregated school . END
judge UNK decision : `` the two UNK are qualified for admission to said university and would already have been admitted had it not been for their race and color '' . END
the state will appeal -- but few think it will actually try to close the university . END
`` surprised and pleased '' , students holmes and hunter may enter the university of georgia this week . END
when the university of chicago's chancellor lawrence a. kimpton submitted his resignation last march , a mighty talent hunt gripped the midway . END
out went letters to UNK old UNK , asking for suggestions . END
such academic statesmen as james b. conant were consulted . END
two committees pondered UNK possible kimpton successors , including adlai stevenson , richard nixon , and UNK dean UNK UNK . END
the debate led to a decision that chicago needed neither a big name nor an experienced academic administrator , but rather , as trustee chairman glen a. lloyd put it , `` a top scholar in his own right '' -- a bright light to lure other top scholars to chicago . END
last week chicago happily found its top scholar in UNK acting dean of the faculty : dynamic UNK george wells beadle , 57 , who shared the 1958 nobel prize in medicine and UNK for discovering how UNK affect UNK by controlling cell chemistry ( time , cover , july 14 , 1958 ) . END
it fell to chancellor kimpton , now a standard oil ( indiana ) executive , to spend his UNK reign UNK up chicago after the UNK UNK of idealist robert UNK hutchins . END
he threw out some of UNK more wildly experimental courses , raised sagging undergraduate enrollment to UNK , nearly doubled UNK to UNK million . END
but though kimpton put chicago in what he felt was working order , some old UNK feel that it still needs the kind of lively teachers who filled it in the UNK hutchins era . END
at UNK , UNK beadle has stuck close to his research as head of the UNK famous biology division since 1946 . END
but he has shown a UNK ability to spot , recruit and UNK able researchers , and has developed unexpected talents in fund raising and UNK . END
beadle is even that rare scientist who takes an interest in money matters ; ; END
he UNK reads the wall street journal , and took delight in driving a $250 model a ford for 22 years , then selling it for $300 . END
a philosopher may point out that the troubles of the congo began with the old adam and consequently will never end . END
but a historian might put his finger on a specific man and date , and hold out the hope that the troubles will sometime pass away . END
the man was king UNK 2 , of the belgians , who in UNK concluded that he had better grab a colony while the grabbing was still good . END
by force , he took under his protection , or stole , UNK square miles of wilderness in central africa . END
this is an area nearly as large as western europe ; ; END
and it was filled then as now by quarreling tribes with no political or historical unity . END
its boundaries had nothing to do with geography or ethnic groupings ; ; END
they were determined by the points at which UNK UNK and gunmen got tired of walking . END
the population of the congo is UNK million , divided into at least seven major `` culture clusters '' and innumerable tribes speaking 400 separate dialects . END
the religions of the people include christianity , UNK , UNK , ancestor worship and UNK . END
the climate ranges from the UNK UNK to the UNK . END
the hospitals contain patients UNK by elephants or run over by sports cars . END
to make one nation out of these UNK would be a problem large enough in any case ; ; END
it has been made far more difficult by what the belgians have done , or failed to do , in the congo since UNK . END
at first the belgian royal family administered the congo as its own private property . END
but by 1908 its record of brutality had touched the national conscience . END
the belgian government itself took over administration , commencing a program of UNK UNK in the history of colonialism . END
one definition of UNK is `` the principle or practice , on the part of a government , of managing the affairs of a country in the manner of a father dealing with his children '' . END
the honor of the belgians in this matter is not to be questioned -- only their judgment . END
ordinarily a father permits his children to grow up in due time -- but when the colony received independence in 1960 the congolese child , if one UNK him to have been born in 1908 , was 52 and had until then been treated as an infant . END
the belgians were interested primarily in the economic development of the congo , which is rich in copper , tin , UNK , UNK , zinc , and uranium , and cotton and palm oil . END
the colony was administered from UNK , with neither the congolese nor the resident belgians having any vote . END
the UNK of this administration were a number of huge UNK in which both individuals and the belgian government itself held stock . END
in inside africa , john UNK describes one of these , the UNK generale , as `` the kind of UNK that might be UNK if , let us say , the house of morgan , anaconda copper , the mutual life insurance company of new york , the pennsylvania railroad , and various companies producing agricultural products were UNK together , with the united states government as a heavy partner '' . END
had they been truly ruthless , the belgians might have exploited the congolese without compassion . END
but they were not . END
they provided a social security system which covered all their african employes ; ; END
their program of mass medical care was doubtless the best on the continent ; ; END
they put much effort into public housing . END
they also instituted a ration system under which all employers in the congo were required to furnish their employes with clothing and adequate food . END
but instead of delivering the ration -- either in actual commodities or in cash -- at intervals of perhaps two weeks or a month , the belgians felt obliged to UNK it out more often . END
would not the children , if they received all their food on the first day of the month , eat it up immediately , and later go hungry ? ? END
the belgians also placed great emphasis on education . END
during the UNK there were as many as 25,000 schools in the congo . END
but almost all the schools were primary . END
the average congolese can do little more than puzzle out the meaning of `` la UNK '' and `` le chien '' and write his name . END
some schools were technical -- the belgians needed UNK and mechanics to help exploit the land , and trained many . END
but they did not believe in widespread secondary education , much less in college . END
it was their conviction that the people should be `` brought up together '' , a grade at a time , until in some indefinite future some might be ready to tackle history , economics and political science . END
indeed , the belgians discouraged higher education , fearing the creation of a native intellectual elite which might cause unrest . END
when the congo received its independence in 1960 there were , among its UNK million people , exactly 14 university graduates . END
why did the belgians grant independence to a colony so manifestly unprepared to accept it ? ? END
in one large UNK , it might be said that the belgians felt , far too late , the UNK of nationalism sweeping africa . END
they lacked time to prepare the congo , as the british and french had prepared their colonies . END
the congolese were UNK for their independence , even though most were UNK what it meant ; ; END
and in UNK , street crowds shouted , `` pas UNK UNK de sang ! ! END
'' ( not one drop of blood ! ! END
the belgians would not fight for the privilege of being the UNK UNK ; ; END
rather than teach where teaching was not wanted , they would wash their hands of the mess . END
it is hard to blame them for this . END
yet there were other motivations and actions which the belgians took after independence for which history may not find them UNK . END
as the time for independence approached there were in the congo no fewer than 120 political parties , or approximately eight for each university graduate . END
there were four principal ones . END
first , there were those congolese ( among them joseph kasavubu ) who favored UNK the country into small independent states , UNK it . END
second , there were those ( moise tshombe ) who favored UNK , a loose UNK having a central government of limited authority , with much power residing in the states . END
third , there were those ( notably patrice lumumba ) who favored a unified congo with a very strong central government . END
and fourth , there were moderates who were in no hurry for independence and wished to wait until the congo grew up . END
however , the positions of all parties and leaders were constantly shifting . END
a final factor which contributed greatly to the fragmentation of the congo , immediately after independence , was the provincial structure that had been established by the belgians for convenience in administration . END
they had divided the congo into six provinces -- UNK , UNK , UNK , katanga , UNK and eastern -- unfortunately with little regard for ethnic groupings . END
thus some provinces contained tribes which UNK each other , and to them independence meant an opportunity for war . END
the belgian congo was granted its independence with what seemed a workable UNK form of government : there were to be a president and a premier , and a UNK legislature elected by universal suffrage in the provinces . END
UNK around the world hoped that the congo would quickly assume a respectable position in the society of nations . END
if internal UNK arose , they could be handled by the UNK congolese army , the force UNK , which had been trained and was still UNK by white belgians . END
the president , joseph kasavubu , seemed an able administrator and the premier , patrice lumumba , a reasonable man . END
twenty-four hours after independence the wild UNK commenced fighting each other . END
presently the UNK members of the force UNK -- many of them drawn from savage and even UNK tribes , erupted in UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK . END
terror engulfed the thousands of belgian UNK who had remained in the country . END
the belgian government decided to act , and on july 10 dispatched UNK to the congo . END
on july 11 the head of the UNK province of katanga , moise tshombe , announced that his province had UNK from the country . END
confusion became chaos ; ; END
each succeeding day brought new acts of violence . END
lumumba and kasavubu blamed it all on the military intervention by the belgians , and appealed to the united nations to send troops to UNK them . END
on july 14 the security council -- with france and great britain UNK -- voted the resolution which drew the u.n. into the congo . END
vague in wording , it called for withdrawal of belgian troops and authorized the UNK `` to take the necessary steps to provide the ( congolese ) government with such military assistance as may be necessary , until , through the efforts of the congolese government with the technical assistance of the united nations , the national security forces may be able , in the opinion of the government , to meet fully their tasks . END
UNK hammarskjold decided that it would be preferable if the u.n. troops sent into the congo were to come from african , or at least UNK , nations -- certainly not from the u.s. , russia , great britain or france . END
he quickly called on ghana , UNK , morocco , UNK and UNK , which dispatched troops within hours . END
ultimately the u.n. army in the congo reached a top strength of UNK , including about 5,000 from india and a few soldiers from UNK and sweden , who were the only whites . END
it took the u.n. three months to bring a modest form of order to the congo . END
the belgians were reluctant to withdraw their troops and often obstructed u.n. efforts . END
the wildly UNK nature of patrice lumumba caused constant problems -- he frequently announced that he wanted the u.n. to get out of the congo along with the belgians , and appealed to russia for help . END
( however , there is little evidence that the late lumumba was a communist . END
before appealing to the u.n. or to russia , he first appealed to the u.s. for military help , and was rejected . END
) lumumba further complicated the u.n.'s mission by initiating small `` wars '' with the UNK province of katanga and with south UNK which , under albert UNK , wanted to secede as well . END
meanwhile russia took every opportunity to UNK in the congo , sending lumumba equipment for his `` wars '' , UNK `` technicians '' and even threatening , on occasion , to UNK openly . END
but by the end of the three-month period , in october 1960 , something approaching calm settled on the congo . END
president kasavubu became UNK with lumumba and fired him . END
control of the government -- such control as there was and such government as there was -- passed into the hands of joseph UNK , chief of staff of the congolese army . END
UNK promptly flung out the russians , who have not since played any significant part on the local scene , although they have UNK their UNK efforts at u.n. headquarters in new york . END
the belgians -- at least officially -- departed from the congo as well , withdrawing all of their uniformed troops . END
but they left behind them large numbers of officers , variously called `` volunteers '' or `` mercenaries '' , who now staff the army of moise tshombe in katanga , the UNK province which , according to tshombe , holds UNK of the mineral wealth of the entire country . END
from october 1960 to february 1961 , the u.n. forces in the congo took little action . END
there was no UNK for it -- the security council's resolution had not mentioned political matters , and in any case the united nations by the terms of its charter may not interfere in the political affairs of any nation , whether to UNK it , UNK it or UNK it . END
during the UNK UNK , civil war UNK and UNK throughout the congo . END
in february the murder of patrice lumumba , who had been UNK into katanga and executed on order of tshombe , again stirred the u.n. to action . END
on feb. 21 the council passed another resolution urging the taking of `` all appropriate measures to prevent the occurrence of civil war in the congo , including the use of force , if necessary , in the last resort '' . END
although the resolution might have been far more specific , it was considerably tougher than the earlier one . END
it also urged that the u.n. UNK , and prevent the return of , all belgian and other foreign military and political advisers ; ; END
ordered an investigation of UNK death ; ; END
urged the UNK of the congolese parliament and the reorganization of the army . END
the presidency : talking and listening END
though president john f. kennedy was primarily concerned with the crucial problems of berlin and disarmament adviser UNK unexpected report from khrushchev , his new enthusiasm and reliance on personal diplomacy involved him in other key problems of u.s. foreign policy last week . END
high up on the president's priority list was the UNK question of UNK . END
on this issue , the president received a detailed report from his u.n. ambassador adlai stevenson , who had just returned from paris , and mr. kennedy asked stevenson to search for a face-saving way -- for both paris and UNK -- out of the UNK . END
ideally , the president would like the french to agree on a `` status quo UNK '' on UNK , and accept a new timetable for withdrawing their forces from the mediterranean base . END
to continue their important conversations about the UNK issue and the whole range of other problems , mr. kennedy invited stevenson to cape cod for the weekend . END
the president also discussed the UNK deadlock with the no. 2 man in the UNK government , defense minister UNK UNK , who flew to washington last week to seek u.s. support . END
the conversation apparently convinced mr. kennedy that the positions of france and UNK were not UNK . END
through UNK , mr. kennedy sent a message along those lines to UNK president UNK UNK ; ; END
and one u.s. official said : `` the key question now is which side picks up the phone first '' . END
on the latin american front , the president held talks with secretary of the treasury douglas dillon before sending him to UNK and the inter-american economic and social council ( which the president himself had originally hoped to attend ) . END
main purpose of the meeting : to discuss president kennedy's alliance for progress . END
and that was not all . END
in conferences with nationalist UNK dapper , UNK vice president UNK UNK , mr. kennedy assured chiang UNK UNK that the u.s. is as firmly opposed as ever to the admission of red china to the united nations . END
UNK was equally adamant in his opposition to the admission of outer UNK ; ; END
however the president , who would like to UNK the former chinese province away from both UNK and moscow , would promise UNK nothing more than an abstention by the u.s. if outer UNK admission comes to a vote . END
the president also conferred with UNK from UNK and UNK who are seeking more foreign aid . END
to africa , he sent his most trusted adviser , his brother , attorney general robert kennedy , on a UNK mission to the ivory coast . END
all week long the president clearly was playing a larger personal role in foreign affairs ; ; END
in effect , he was practicing what he preached in his berlin message two weeks ago when he declared : `` we shall always be prepared to discuss international problems with any and all nations that are willing to talk , and listen , with reason '' . END
crime : ' UNK ' END
from international airport in los angeles to international airport in houston , as the great UNK UNK 707 flies , is a routine five hours and 25 minutes , including UNK at phoenix , el paso , and san antonio . END
when continental airlines UNK flight UNK took off at UNK one night last week , there was no reason to think it would take any longer . END
the plane put down on schedule at UNK a.m. in phoenix . END
UNK minutes later , when it took off for el paso , hardly anyone of the crew of six or the 65 other passengers paid any attention to the man and teen-age boy who had come aboard . END
at UNK a.m. , with the plane about twenty minutes out of el paso , passenger robert berry , a san antonio advertising man , glanced up and saw the man and boy , accompanied by a UNK , walking up the aisle toward the cockpit . END
`` the man was bent over with his hand on his stomach '' , berry said . END
`` i figured he was sick '' . END
john UNK , a farmer from palm desert , calif. , was sitting up front and could see through the door as the trio entered the cockpit . END
`` the kid had a automatic , like they issue in the army '' , he said . END
`` the other fellow had a '' . END
UNK saw the youth hold his against the head of UNK UNK UNK ; ; END
the man put his at the head of capt. byron d. rickards . END
to rickards , a UNK veteran 30 years in the air , it was an old story : his plane was being UNK in UNK again much as it had happened in 1930 , when UNK rebels made him land a ford UNK at UNK . END
but last week's pirates , like the UNK who recently UNK an eastern airlines UNK ( UNK , aug. 7 ) , wanted to go to havana . END
`` tell your company there are four of us here with guns '' , the elder man told rickards . END
the pilot UNK el paso international airport with just that message . END
but , he told the `` UNK '' , the 707 didn't carry enough fuel to reach havana ; ; END
they would have to UNK at el paso . END
most passengers didn't know what had happened until they got on the ground . END
jerry UNK of UNK , calif. , one of some twenty air force recruits on board , awoke from a nap in confusion . END
`` the old man came from the front of the plane and said he wanted four volunteers to go to cuba '' , UNK said , `` and like a nut i raised my hand . END
i thought he was the air force UNK '' . END
what the man wanted was four persons to volunteer as UNK , along with the crew . END
they chose four : jack casey , who works for continental airlines in houston ; ; END
fred UNK from mercer island , wash. ; ; END
UNK truman cleveland of st. augustine . END
fla. , and leonard UNK , a former college UNK and veteran of the u.s. immigration service border patrol . END
everybody else was allowed to file off the plane after it touched down at el paso at UNK a.m. . END
they found a large welcoming group -- el paso policemen , border patrol , sheriff's deputies , and fbi men , who surged around the plane with rifles and UNK guns . END
other fbi men , talking with the pilot from the tower , UNK with him to delay the proposed flight to havana . END
the ground crew , which ordinarily UNK a 707 in twenty minutes , took fully three hours . END
still more time was consumed while the pilot , at the UNK suggestion of continental president robert six , tried to persuade the armed pair to UNK the UNK jet for a UNK douglas aj . END
actually , the officers on the ground had no intention of letting the UNK get away with any kind of an airplane ; ; END
they had orders to that effect straight from president kennedy , who thought at first , as did most others , that it was four followers of UNK fidel castro who had taken over the 707 . END
mr. kennedy had been informed early in the day of the attempt to steal the plane , kept in touch throughout by telephone . END
at one time , while still under the impression that he was dealing with a cuban plot , the president talked about invoking a total UNK on trade with cuba . END
as the morning wore on and a blazing west texas sun wiped the shadows off the franklin mountains , police got close enough to the plane to pry into the baggage compartment . END
from the luggage , they learned that the two air pirates , far from being cubans , were native americans , subsequently identified as leon bearden , UNK UNK from coolidge , ariz. , and his son , UNK , 16 , a high-school junior . END
the heat and strain began to tell on the beardens . END
the father , by accident or perhaps to show , as he said , `` we mean business '' , took the and fired a slug between the legs of second officer norman simmons . END
at 7:30 a.m. , more than three hours after landing , the beardens gave an UNK : END
take off or see the UNK killed . END
the tower cleared the plane for take-off at 8 a.m. , and captain rickards began UNK toward the runway . END
several police cars , loaded with armed officers , raced alongside , blazing away at the tires of the big jet . END
the slugs flattened ten tires and silenced one of the UNK engines ; ; END
the plane slowed to a halt . END
UNK , baggage trucks , and cars surrounded it . END
the day wore on . END
at UNK p.m. a ramp was rolled up to the plane . END
a few minutes later , fbi agent francis crosby , talking fast , eased up the ramp to the plane , unarmed . END
while crosby distracted the beardens , UNK UNK and UNK UNK dropped out of a rear door . END
so did UNK casey , cleveland , and UNK . END
that left only the four crew members , crosby , and border patrolman UNK , all unarmed , with the beardens . END
the elder bearden had one pistol in his hand , the other in a hip pocket . END
UNK started talking to him until he saw his chance . END
he caught officer UNK eye , nodded toward young bearden , and -- `` i swung my right as hard as i could . END
simmons and crosby jumped the boy and it was all over '' . END
UNK off the airplane at UNK p.m. , the beardens were held in bail of $100,000 each on charges of UNK and UNK a stolen plane across state lines . END
( bearden reportedly hoped to UNK the plane to castro , and live high in cuba . END
) back home in coolidge , ariz. , his UNK wife , mary , said : `` i thought they were going to phoenix to look for jobs '' . END
taking UNK over all other legislation on capitol hill last week was the military strength of the nation . END
the senate put other business aside as it moved with UNK speed and unanimity to pass -- 85 to 0 -- the largest peacetime defense budget in u.s. history . END
with the money all but in hand , however , the administration indicated that , instead of the UNK more men in uniform that president kennedy had requested , the armed forces would be increased by only UNK . END
the `` UNK '' , as pentagon UNK labeled it , apparently was a temporary expedient intended to insure that the army services are built up gradually and , thus , the new funds spent UNK . END
in all , the senate signed a check for UNK billion , which not only included the extra UNK billion requested the week before by president kennedy , but UNK on UNK million more than the president had asked for . END
( the senate , on its own , decided to provide additional b-52 and other long-range bombers for the strategic air command . END
) the house , which had passed its smaller appropriation before the president's urgent call for more , was expected to go along with the increased defense budget in short order . END
in other areas , congressional action last week included : END
the senate ( by voice vote ) and the house ( by UNK ) passed and sent to the white house the compromise farm bill which the president is expected to sign , not too unhappily . END
the senate also voted UNK billion to finance the government's health , welfare , and labor activities . END
debate on the all-important UNK bill , with its controversial long-range proposals , had just begun on the senate floor at the weekend . END
white house legislative aides were still confident the bill would pass intact . END
food : stew a la UNK END
most members of the u.s. senate , because they are human , like to eat as high on the UNK as they can . END
but , because they are politicians , they like to talk as UNK as the UNK voter . END
as a result , ever since 1851 when the senate restaurant opened in the new wing of the capitol building , the senators have never ceased to grumble about the food -- even while they opposed every move that might improve it . END
over the years , UNK chiefly by disputes about the relative merits of maine and UNK potatoes , the menu has pursued its drab UNK course . END
individual senators , with an eye to the voters back home , occasionally introduced UNK from michigan , UNK UNK from maryland , oysters from washington , UNK from florida . END
but plain old bean soup , served daily since the turn of the century ( at the insistence of the late sen. fred UNK of UNK ) , made clear to the UNK that the senate's stomach was in the right place . END
in a daring stroke , the senate ventured forth last week into the world of UNK UNK and hired a UNK UNK UNK UNK . END
holders of toll-road bonds are finding improvements in monthly reports on operation of the turnpikes . END
long-term trend of traffic on these roads seems clearly upward . END
higher toll rates also are helping boost revenues . END
result is a better prospect for a full UNK by bonds that once were regarded as highly speculative . END
things are looking up these days for many of the state turnpikes on which investors depend for income from their toll-road bonds . END
traffic on nearly all the turnpikes has been growing . END
that added traffic means rising streams of UNK and quarters at toll gates . END
as a result of the new outlook for turnpikes , investors who bought toll-road bonds when these securities ranked as outright speculations are now finding new hope for their investments . END
another result is that buyers are tending to bid up the prices of these tax-exempt bonds . END
other tax-exempt bonds of state and local governments hit a price peak on february 21 , according to standard & UNK average . END
on balance , prices of those bonds have slipped a bit since then . END
however , in the same three-month period , toll-road bonds , as a group , have UNK this trend . END
on these bonds , price rises since february 21 easily UNK price declines . END
investors , however , still see an element of UNK risk in the toll-road bonds . END
you find the evidence of that in the chart on this page . END
many of the toll-road bonds still are selling at prices that offer the prospect of an annual yield of 4 per cent , or very close to that . END
and this is true in the case of some turnpikes on which revenues have risen close to , or beyond , the point at which the roads start to pay all operating costs plus annual interest on the bonds . END
that 4 per cent yield is well below the return to be had on good corporation bonds . END
it's not much more , in fact , than the return that is offered on u. s. treasury bonds . END
for investors whose income is taxed at high rates , though , a tax-free yield of 4 per cent is high . END
it is the equivalent of 8 per cent for an unmarried UNK with more than UNK of income to be taxed , or for a married couple with more than UNK of taxed income . END
a new report on the earnings records of toll roads in the most recent UNK period -- ending in february or march -- shows what is happening . END
the report is based on a survey by UNK & company , investment bankers . END
nearly all the turnpikes show gains in net revenues during the period . END
and there is the bright note : the gains were achieved in the face of temporary traffic UNK late in 1960 and early in 1961 as a result of business recession . END
many of the roads also were hit by an unusually severe winter . END
indication : the long-term trend of turnpike traffic is upward . END
look , for example , at the ohio turnpike . END
traffic on that road slumped sharply in january and february , as compared with those same months in 1960 . END
then march brought an 18 per cent rise in net revenues -- after operating costs . END
as a result , the road's net revenues in the 12 months ending march 31 were UNK per cent of the annual interest payments on the turnpike bonds . END
that was up from UNK per cent in the preceding 12 months . END
that same pattern of earnings shows up on the massachusetts turnpike . END
operating revenues were off in the first three months of 1961 , but up for the 12 months ending in march . END
costs were held down , despite a bitter winter . END
for the year , the road earned 133 per cent of its interest costs , against UNK per cent in the preceding period . END
the road's engineers look for further improvement when the turnpike is extended into boston . END
some turnpikes have not been in full operation long enough to prove what they can do . END
the UNK illinois state toll highway , for example , was not opened over its entire length until december , 1958 . END
in the 12 months ended in february , 1960 , the highway earned enough to cover UNK per cent of its interest load -- with the remainder paid out of initial reserves . END
in the 12 months ended in february , 1961 , this highway earned UNK per cent of its interest . END
that improvement is continuing . END
in the first two months of 1961 , earnings of the illinois highway available for interest payments were up 55 per cent from early 1960 . END
success , for many turnpikes , has come hard . END
traffic frequently has failed to measure up to UNK rosy estimates . END
in these cases , the turnpike UNK have had to turn to UNK increases , or to costly improvements such as extensions or better connections with other highways . END
many rate increases already have been put into effect . END
higher UNK are planned for july 1 , 1961 , on the UNK , va. , turnpike , and proposals for increased UNK on the texas turnpike are under study . END
progress is being made , too , in improving UNK access to many turnpikes . END
the kansas turnpike offers an illustration . END
net earnings of that road rose from UNK per cent of interest requirements in calendar 1957 to 86 per cent in the 12 months ended feb. 28 , 1961 . END
further improvements in earnings of the kansas turnpike are expected late in 1961 , with the opening of a new UNK at UNK , and still later when the turnpike gets downtown connections in both kansas city , UNK , and kansas city , mo. . END
meanwhile , there appears to be enough money in the road's reserve fund to cover the interest deficiency for eight more years . END
for some roads , troubles . END
investors studying the toll-road bonds for opportunities find that not all roads are nearing their goals . END
traffic and revenues on the chicago UNK have been a great disappointment to planners and investors alike . END
if nothing is done , the prospect is that that road will be in UNK of interest in 1962 . END
west virginia toll bonds have UNK in interest for months , and , despite recent improvement in revenues , holders of the bonds are faced with more of the same . END
these , however , are exceptions . END
the typical picture at this time is one of steady improvement . END
it's going to take time for investors to learn how many of the toll-road bonds will pay out in full . END
already , however , several of the turnpikes are earning enough to cover interest requirements by comfortable margins . END
many others are attracting the traffic needed to push revenues up to the UNK point . END
a top american official , after a look at UNK factories , thinks the u.s. is in a `` very serious situation '' UNK . END
commerce secretary luther hodges , accompanied by a member of our staff , on may 10 UNK plants of two of UNK biggest companies -- fiat , the auto producer , and olivetti , maker of UNK and calculating machines . END
our staff man UNK from UNK as follows -- END
`` follow secretary hodges through the fiat plant , and you learn this : END
`` one , modern equipment -- much of it supplied under the marshall plan -- enables fiat to turn out UNK cars a day . END
about half of these are UNK . END
`` two , wage costs are a fraction of the u.s. costs . END
a skilled worker on the assembly line , for example , UNK UNK a week . END
`` three , labor troubles are infrequent . END
fiat officials say they have had no strikes for more than six years . END
`` said secretary hodges : ' it's a tough combination for the u.s. to face . END
`` olivetti had a special interest for hodges . END
olivetti took over UNK , the u.s. typewriter maker , in late 1959 . END
within a year , without reducing wages , UNK production costs were cut one third , prices were slashed . END
the result has been that exports of UNK products have doubled . END
`` the olivetti plant near UNK has modern layout , modern machinery . END
the firm is UNK , UNK , UNK . END
`` hodges is trying to get more foreign business to go to the u.s. . END
the UNK of foreign capital would help the u.s. balance of payments . END
`` hodges predicted : ' i think we will see more foreign firms coming to the u.s. . END
there are many places where we can use their vigor and new ideas ' '' . END
foreign competition has become so severe in certain textiles that washington is exploring new ways of handling competitive imports . END
the recently UNK kennedy moves to control the international textile market can be significant for american businessmen in many lines . END
important aspects of the kennedy textile plans are these : END
an international conference of the big UNK and UNK countries will be called shortly by president kennedy . END
chief aims of the proposed conference are worth noting . END
the u.s. will try to get agreement among the industrialized countries to take more textile imports from the UNK countries over the years . END
point is that developing countries often build up a textile industry first , need encouragement to get on their feet . END
if they have trouble UNK , international bill for their support will grow larger than it otherwise would . END
idea is to let these countries earn their way as much as possible . END
at the same time , another purpose of the conference will be to get certain UNK countries to control textile exports -- especially dumping of specific products -- to UNK UNK countries . END
japan , since 1957 , has been `` voluntarily '' UNK exports of textiles to the u.s. . END
hong kong , india and pakistan have been limiting exports of certain types of textiles to britain for several years under the `` UNK pact '' . END
none of these countries is happy with these arrangements . END
the japanese want to increase exports to the u.s. while they have been UNK shipments , they have watched hong kong step in and capture an expanding share of the big u.s. market . END
hong kong interests loudly protest limiting their exports to britain , while spanish and UNK textiles pour into british market UNK . END
the indians and UNK are UNK under similar restrictions on the british market for similar reasons . END
the kennedy hope is that , at the conference or through UNK talks , the UNK UNK countries in asia and europe will see that `` dumping '' practices cause friction all around and may result in import UNK . END
gradual , controlled expansion of the world's textile trade is what president kennedy wants . END
this may point the way toward international UNK agreements in other products . END
it's an important clue to washington thinking . END
note , too , that the kennedy textile plan looks toward modernization or UNK of the u.s. textile industry . END
`` get competitive or get out '' . END
in veiled terms , that's what the kennedy administration is saying to the american textile industry . END
the government will help in UNK companies and workers into new lines , where modernization doesn't seem feasible . END
special depreciation on new textile machinery may be allowed . END
government research will look into new products and methods . END
import UNK aren't ruled out where the national interest is involved . END
but the kennedy administration doesn't favor import UNK . END
rather , they are impressed with the british government's success in forcing -- and helping -- the british textile industry to shrink and to change over to other products . END
what's happening in textiles can be handwriting on the wall for other lines having difficulty competing with imports from UNK countries . END
among the UNK workers in the world are u.s. coal miners . END
yet u.s. coal is cheap enough to make foreign UNK mouths water . END
steel company of wales , a british UNK , wants to bring in virginia coal , cut down on its UNK of welsh coal in order to be able to compete more effectively -- especially in foreign markets . END
virginia coal , delivered by ship in wales , will be about UNK a ton cheaper than welsh coal delivered by rail from nearby mines . END
u.s. coal is cheap , despite high wages , because of widespread mechanization of mines , wide coal seams , UNK rates on ocean freight . END
many of the coal seams in the UNK british mines are twisting , narrow and very deep . END
productivity of u.s. miners is twice that of the british . END
welsh coal miners , UNK , are up in arms at the suggestion that the steel company bring in american coal . END
they threaten to strike . END
the british government will have to decide whether to let u.s. coal in . END
the british coal industry is UNK , has large coal stocks it can't sell . END
every library UNK , or at least those whose taste goes beyond the UNK fiction UNK , knows what it is to hear the librarian say apologetically , `` i'm sorry , but we don't have that book . END
there wouldn't be much demand for it , i'm afraid '' . END
behind this reply , and its many variations , is the ever-present budget problem all libraries must face , from the largest to the smallest . END
what to buy out of the year's UNK of nearly UNK book titles ? ? END
what to buy for adult and child readers , for lovers of fiction and nonfiction , for a UNK whose wants are incredibly diversified , when your budget is UNK small ? ? END
most library budgets are hopelessly inadequate . END
a startlingly high percentage do not exceed $500 annually , which includes the UNK salary , and not even the new york public has enough money to meet its needs -- this in the world's richest city . END
the plight of a small community library is proportionately worse . END
confronted with this situation , most libraries either endure the severe limitations of their budgets and do what they can with what they have , or else depend on the UNK of patrons and local governments to supplement their annual funds . END
in some parts of the country , however , a co-operative movement has begun to grow , under the wing of state governments , whereby , with the financial help of the state , libraries share their book resources on a UNK or regional basis . END
new york state has what is probably the most advanced of these co-operative systems , so well developed that it has become a model for others to follow . END
because it is so large a state , with marked contrasts in population density , the organization of the new york co-operative offers a cross-section of how the plan works . END
at one extreme are the systems of upper new york state , where libraries in two or more counties combine to serve a large , UNK populated area . END
at the other are organizations like the newly formed nassau library system , in a UNK area , with ample resources and a rapidly growing territory to serve . END
both these types , and those in between , are in existence by reason of a legislative interest in libraries that began at albany as early as 1950 , with the creation by the legislature of county library systems financed by county governments with matching funds from the state . END
it was a step in the right direction , but it took an additional act passed in 1958 to establish fully the thriving systems of today . END
under this law annual grants are given to systems in substantial amounts . END
an earlier difficulty was overcome by making it clear that individual libraries in any area might join or not , as they saw fit . END
some library boards are wary of the plan . END
a large , UNK library , surrounded in a county by smaller ones , may feel that the demands on its resources are likely to be too great . END
a small library may cherish its independence and established ways , and resist joining in a cooperative movement that sometimes seems radical to older members of the board . END
within a system , however , the autonomy of each member library is preserved . END
the local community maintains responsibility for the financial support of its own library program , facilities , and services , but wider resources and additional services become available through membership in a system . END
all services are given without cost to members . END
so obvious are these advantages that nearly 95 per cent of the population of new york state now has access to a system , and enthusiastic librarians UNK the day , not too distant , when all the libraries in the state will belong to a UNK . END
to set up a co-operative library system , the law requires a central book collection of 100,000 nonfiction volumes as the nucleus , and the system is organized around it . END
the collection may be in an existing library , or it may be built up in a central collection . END
each system develops differently , according to the area it serves , but the universal goal is to pool the resources of a given area for maximum efficiency . END
the basic state grant is thirty cents for each person served , and there is a further book incentive grant that provides an extra twenty cents up to fifty cents per capita , if a library spends a certain number of dollars . END
in nassau county , for example , the heavily settled long island suburb of new york city , the system is credited by the state with serving one million persons , a figure that has doubled since 1950 . END
this system , by virtue of its variety and size , offers an inclusive view of the plan in operation . END
the nassau system recognizes that its major task it to broaden reference service , what with the constant expansion of education and knowledge , and the pressure of population growth in a metropolitan area . END
the need is for reference works of a more specialized nature than individual libraries , adequate to satisfy everyday needs , could afford . END
nassau is currently building a central collection of reference materials in its UNK headquarters , which will reach its goal of 100,000 volumes by 1965 . END
the major part of this collection is in the central headquarters building , and the remainder is divided among five libraries in the system designated as subject centers . END
basic reference tools are the backbone of the collection , but there is also specialization in science and technology , an indicated weakness in local libraries . END
on UNK , headquarters also has a file of the new york times from its founding in 1851 to the present day , as well as bound volumes of important periodicals . END
the entire headquarters collection is available to the patrons of all members on UNK loans . END
headquarters gets about 100 requests every day . END
it is connected by UNK with the state library in albany , which will supply any book to a system that the system itself cannot provide . END
the books are carried around by truck in canvas bags from headquarters to the other libraries . END
each subject center library was chosen because of its demonstrated strength in a particular area , which headquarters could then build upon . END
east meadow has philosophy , psychology , and religion ; ; END
UNK houses social science , pure science , and language ; ; END
history , biography , and education are centered in UNK ; ; END
UNK has applied science , business , and literature ; ; END
while UNK is the repository of art , music , and foreign languages . END
the reference coordinator at headquarters also serves as a consultant , and is available to work with the local librarian in helping to strengthen local reference service . END
this kind of cooperation is not wholly new , of course . END
public libraries in nassau county have been lending books to each other by mail for a UNK , but the system enables this process to operate on an organized and far more comprehensive basis . END
local libraries find , too , that the new plan saves tax dollars because books can be bought through the system , and since the system buys in bulk it is able to obtain larger discounts than would be available to an individual library . END
the system passes on these savings to its members . END
further money is saved through economy in bookkeeping and clerical detail as the result of central billing . END
books are not the only resource of the system . END
schools and community groups turn to the headquarters film library for documentary , art , and experimental films to show at libraries that sponsor local programs , and to organizations in member communities . END
the most recent film catalogue , available at each library , lists 110 titles presently in the collection , any of which may be borrowed without charge . END
this catalogue lists separately films suitable for children , young adults , or adults , although some classics cut across age groups , such as `` UNK of the north '' , `` the UNK nightingale '' , and `` the red balloon '' . END
workshops are conducted by the UNK UNK consultant for the staffs of member libraries , teaching them the effective use of film as a library service . END
the system well understands that one of its primary responsibilities is to bring children and books together ; ; END
consequently an experienced children's librarian at headquarters UNK a guidance program designed to promote UNK library activities , cooperating with the children's librarians in member libraries by means of individual conferences , workshops , and frequent visits . END
headquarters has also set up a central juvenile UNK and UNK center , to provide better methods of purchasing and selection . END
sample copies of new books are on display at headquarters , where librarians may evaluate them by themselves or in workshop groups . END
story hours , UNK programs , activities with community agencies , and lists of recommended reading are all in the province of the children's consultant . END
headquarters of the nassau system is an increasingly busy place these days , threatening to expand beyond its boundaries . END
in addition to the UNK loan service and the children's program , headquarters has a public relations director who seeks to get wider UNK support for quality library service in the county ; ; END
it prepares cooperative displays ( posters , UNK , UNK , and other promotional material ) for use in member libraries ; ; END
it maintains a central exhibit collection to share displays already created and used ; ; END
and it publishes sum and substance , a monthly newsletter , which reports the UNK activities to the staffs and trustees of member libraries . END
the system itself is governed by a board of trustees , geographically representing its membership . END
in nassau , as in other systems , the long-range objective is to bring the maximum service of libraries to bear on the schools , and on adult education in general . END
librarians , a patient breed of men and women who have borne much with dedication , can begin to see results today . END
library use is multiplying daily , and the bulk of the newcomers are those UNK americans , the teen-agers . END
to them especially the librarians , with the help of UNK , hope they will never have to say , `` i'm sorry , we don't have that book '' . END
today , more than ever before , the survival of our free society depends upon the citizen who is both informed and concerned . END
the great advances made in recent years in communist strength and in our own capacity to destroy require an educated UNK in the western world . END
the need for lifetime reading is apparent . END
education must not be limited to our youth but must be a continuing process through our entire lives , for it is only through knowledge that we , as a nation , can cope with the dangers that threaten our society . END
the desire and ability to read are important aspects of our cultural life . END
we cannot consider ourselves educated if we do not read ; ; END
if we are not discriminating in our reading ; ; END
if we do not know how to use what we do read . END
we must not permit our society to become a slave to the scientific age , as might well happen without the cultural and spiritual restraint that comes from the development of the human mind through wisdom absorbed from the written word . END
a fundamental source of knowledge in the world today is the book found in our libraries . END
although progress has been made in america's system of libraries it still falls short of what is required if we are to maintain the standards that are needed for an informed america . END
the problem grows in intensity each year as man's knowledge , and his capacity to translate such knowledge to the written word , continue to expand . END
the UNK of our library system will become critical unless we act vigorously to correct this condition . END
there are , for example , approximately UNK people in this country with no public library service and about UNK with inadequate service . END
in college libraries , 57 per cent of the total number of books are owned by UNK of UNK institutions surveyed last year by the u.s. office of education . END
and over UNK per cent of the elementary schools with 150 or more pupils do not have any library at all . END
in every aspect of service -- to the public , to children in schools , to colleges and universities -- the library of today is failing to render vitally needed services . END
only public understanding and support can provide that service . END
this is one of the main reasons for national library week , april UNK , and for its theme : `` for a richer , fuller life , read '' ! ! END
assembly session brought much good END
the general assembly , which UNK today , has performed in an atmosphere of crisis and struggle from the day it UNK . END
it was faced immediately with a showdown on the schools , an issue which was met squarely in conjunction with the governor with a decision not to risk abandoning public education . END
there followed the historic appropriations and budget fight , in which the general assembly decided to tackle executive powers . END
the final decision went to the executive but a way has been opened for strengthening budgeting procedures and to provide legislators information they need . END
long-range planning of programs and ways to finance them have become UNK if the state in the next few years is to avoid UNK government . END
this session , for instance , may have insured a financial crisis two years from now . END
in all the turmoil , some good legislation was passed . END
some other good bills were lost in the UNK and await future action . END
certainly all can applaud passage of an auto title law , the school bills , the increase in teacher pensions , the ban on drag racing , acceptance by the state of responsibility for maintenance of state roads in municipalities at the same rate as outside city limits , repeal of the college age limit law and the road maintenance bond issue . END
no action has been taken , however , on such major problems as ending the fee system , UNK reform , modification of the county unit system and in outright UNK of fireworks sales . END
only a token start was made in attacking the tax UNK question and its companion issue of attracting industry to the state . END
the legislature expended most of its time on the schools and appropriations questions . END
fortunately it spared us from the usual UNK of silly resolutions which in the past have made georgia look like anything but `` the empire state of the south '' . END
we congratulate the entire membership on its record of good legislation . END
in the interim between now and next year , we trust the house and senate will put their minds to studying georgia's very real economic , fiscal and social problems and come up with answers without all the political UNK . END
league regularly stands on the side of right END
the league of women voters , 40 now and admitting it proudly , is inviting financial contributions in the UNK of its fund drive . END
it's a good use of money . END
these women whose organization grew out of the old suffrage movement are dedicated to thomas jefferson's dictum that one must cherish the people's spirit but `` keep alive their attention '' . END
`` if once they become UNK to the public affairs '' , jefferson said , `` you and i , and congress and assemblies , judges and governors , shall all become wolves '' . END
UNK and politicians especially are aware of the penetrating attention and expert analysis the league gives to public affairs . END
the league workers search out the UNK and UNK of the most complex issues and make them available to the public . END
the harder the choice , the more willing the league is to UNK in . END
and the league takes a stand , with great UNK , on the side of right . END
look to UNK valley for industrial progress END
cities and counties interested in industrial development would do well in the months ahead to keep their eyes peeled toward the 13 northwest georgia counties that are members of the UNK valley area planning and development commission . END
coupling its own budget of UNK with a UNK state grant authorized by gov. vandiver , the group expects to sign a contract in march with georgia UNK . END
then a full-time planning office will be established in rome to work with a UNK georgia tech research staff for development of an area planning and industrial development program . END
the undertaking has abundant promise . END
it recognizes the fact that what helps one county helps its neighbors and that by UNK together in an UNK effort better results can be accomplished than through the UNK approach . END
rusk idea strengthens united states defense END
the rusk belief in balanced defense , replacing the dulles theory of massive retaliation , removes a grave danger that has existed . END
the danger lay not in believing that our own UNK would UNK russia's use of hers ; ; END
that theory was and is sound . END
the danger lay in the american UNK that nuclear UNK was enough . END
by limiting american strength too much to nuclear strength , this country limited its ability to fight any kind of war besides a nuclear war . END
this strategy heightened the possibility that we would have a nuclear war . END
it also weakened our diplomatic stance , because russia could easily guess we did not desire a nuclear war except in the ultimate extremity . END
this left the soviets plenty of UNK to start UNK UNK UNK with considerable UNK . END
by maintaining the nuclear deterrent , but UNK american military forces to fight conventional wars too , secretary of state rusk UNK bluff and nuclear UNK and builds more muscle and greater safety into our military position . END
dekalb budget shows county is on beam END
UNK budget for 1961 is a record one and carries with it the promise of no tax increase to make it balance . END
it includes a raise in the county minimum wage , creation of several new jobs at the executive level , financing of UNK industrial development efforts , and increased expenditures for essential services such as health and welfare , fire protection , sanitation and road maintenance . END
that such expansion can be obtained without a raise in taxes is due to growth of the tax UNK and sound fiscal planning on the part of the board of commissioners , headed by chairman charles o. UNK who is demonstrating that the public trust he was given was well placed , and other county officials . END
somewhere , somebody is bound to love us END
g. UNK williams is learning the difficulties of diplomacy rapidly . END
touring africa , the new u.s. assistant secretary of state observed `` africa should be for the africans '' and the british promptly denounced him . END
then he arrived in UNK and found africans carrying signs saying `` american UNK , go home '' . END
chin up , UNK . END
power company backs confidence with dollars END
confidence in the state's economic future is reflected in the georgia power company's record construction budget for this year . END
the firm does a large amount of research and its forecasts have meaning . END
it is good to know that georgia will continue to have sufficient electrical power not only to meet the demands of normal growth but to encourage a more rapid rate of UNK . END
georgia's mental health program received a badly needed boost from the general assembly in the form of a UNK budget increase for the UNK state hospital . END
actually it amounts to UNK above what the institution already is receiving , considering the additional UNK dollars gov. vandiver allocated last year from the state surplus . END
either way it sounds like a sizable UNK of money and is . END
but exactly how far it will go toward improving conditions is another question because there is so much that needs doing . END
the practice of charging employes for meals whether they eat at the hospital or not should be UNK . END
the work week of attendants who are on duty 65 hours and more per week should be reduced . END
more attendants , nurses and doctors should be hired . END
patients deserve more attention than they are getting . END
even with the increase in funds for the next fiscal year , georgia will be spending only around UNK per day per patient . END
the national average is more than $4 and that figure is considered by experts in the mental health field to be too low . END
kansas , regarded as tops in the nation in its treatment of the mentally ill , spends UNK per day per patient . END
georgia has made some reforms , true . END
the intensive treatment program is working well . END
but in so many other areas we still are dragging . END
considering what is being done compared to what needs to be done , it UNK the hospital management to do some mighty careful planning toward making the best possible use of the increase granted . END
the boost is helpful but inadequate . END
assassination , even of a UNK , is repulsive to men of good conscience . END
UNK trujillo , the often UNK dictator of the dominican republic for 31 years , perhaps deserved his fate in an UNK appraisal of history . END
but whether the murder of el benefactor in UNK trujillo means freedom for the people of the caribbean UNK is a question that cannot now be answered . END
trujillo knew a great deal about assassination . END
the responsibility for scores of deaths , including the UNK and murder of jesus maria UNK , a professor at columbia university in new york , has been laid at his door . END
he had been involved in countless schemes to do away with democratic leaders in neighboring countries such as president UNK UNK of UNK . END
it was a sort of poetic justice that at the time of his own demise a new plot to overthrow the UNK government , reportedly involving the use of dominican arms by former UNK dictator UNK UNK UNK , has been uncovered and UNK . END
the recent history of the dominican republic is an almost classical study of the way in which even a UNK UNK dictatorship tends to become oppressive . END
unquestionably trujillo did some good things for his country : he improved public facilities such as roads and sanitation , attracted industry and investment and raised the standard of living notably . END
but the price was the silence of the grave for all criticism or opposition . END
el UNK vanity grew with his personal wealth . END
the UNK were filled to UNK with political prisoners who had incurred his displeasure . END
he maintained amply financed UNK in the united states and elsewhere which UNK chanted his praise , and his influence extended even to congress . END
until the last year or so the profession of friendship with the united states had been an article of faith with trujillo , and altogether too often this profession was accepted here as evidence of his good character . END
UNK the government here came to understand how this country's own reputation was UNK by the association with repression . END
last year , after trujillo had been cited for numerous UNK in the caribbean , the united states and many other members of the organization of american states broke diplomatic relations with him . END
thereupon followed a demonstration that tyranny knows no ideological confines . END
UNK dictatorship had been along conservative , UNK lines . END
but after the UNK he and his propaganda started UNK communist slogans . END
there was considerable evidence of a UNK UNK with castro in cuba , previously a UNK UNK to trujillo -- thus illustrating the way in which UNK of the right and left UNK . END
what comes after trujillo is now the puzzle . END
the dominican people have known no democratic institutions and precious little freedom for a generation , and all alternative leadership has been suppressed . END
perhaps the army will be able to maintain stability , but the vacuum of free institutions creates a great danger . END
the dominican republic could turn toward UNK UNK as easily as toward western freedom . END
such a twist would be a tragedy for the dominican people , who deserve to breathe without fear . END
for that reason any democratic reform and effort to bring genuine representative government to the dominican republic will need the greatest sympathy and help . END
high-speed buses on the george washington memorial parkway , operating between downtown washington and cabin john , glen echo and UNK , would constitute an UNK sample of what the new national capital transportation agency can do for this city . END
in presenting plans for such express buses before the montgomery county council , the administrator of the UNK , c. UNK UNK , was frankly seeking support for the projects his agency will soon be UNK . END
such support should not be difficult to come by if all the plans to be presented by the UNK are as attractive as this outline of express buses coming into the downtown area . END
because the buses would not stop on the parkway , land for bus stations and for parking areas nearby will be needed . END
the UNK is well advised to seek funds for this purpose from the present session of congress . END
must berlin remain divided ? ? END
the inference has been too widely accepted that because the communists have succeeded in building barricades across berlin the free world must UNK in UNK of that living city . END
so far as the record is concerned , the western powers have not UNK and should not do so . END
though walter UNK , by grace of soviet tanks , may be head man in east germany , that does not give him any right to UNK the government of east berlin or to absorb that UNK into the soviet zone . END
the wartime UNK of september 12 , 1944 , designated a special `` greater berlin '' area , UNK the entire city , to be under joint occupation . END
it was not a part of any one of the three ( later four ) UNK for occupation by soviet , american , british , and french troops respectively . END
after the berlin blockade and UNK , the council of foreign ministers in 1949 declared a purpose `` to UNK the effects of the present administrative division of germany and of berlin '' . END
for some time the communists honored the distinction between the soviet zone of germany and the soviet sector of berlin by UNK separately the laws for the two areas . END
then they moved offices of the east german puppet government into east berlin and began UNK to treat it as the capital of east germany . END
that this and the closing of the east UNK berlin border have not been accepted by the western governments appears in notes which britain , france , and the united states sent to moscow after the latter's UNK protest over a visit of chancellor adenauer and other west german officials to west berlin . END
the chancellor had as much business there as UNK had in east berlin -- and was certainly less provocative than the juvenile UNK UNK of UNK UNK . END
the british and other replies to that moscow note pointed out efforts of the communist authorities `` to integrate east berlin into east germany by isolating it from the outside and attempting to make it the capital of east germany '' . END
they insisted on the `` fundamental fact '' that `` the whole of berlin has a UNK status '' . END
this is far from UNK or recognizing those efforts as an accomplished fact . END
there remains , of course , the question of what the west can do beyond diplomatic protest to prevent the illegal efforts from becoming accomplished facts . END
one ground of action certainly exists when UNK of stray shots go over into west berlin as communist `` UNK '' try to gun down fleeing unarmed residents . END
another remained when an american army car was recovered but with a broken glass . END
the glass may seem trivial but communist official UNK feeds on such incidents unless they are UNK . END
remembering the UNK fate of UNK and the west german misgivings about `` salami '' tactics , it is to be hoped that the dispatch of general clay to west berlin as president kennedy's representative will mark a stiffening of response not only to future UNK and UNK but also to some that have passed . END
thousands of buffalo ( `` UNK '' they will never be to the man on the street ) UNK like a mobile brown UNK upon the rolling , UNK UNK . END
a horizon even and UNK , binding the vast UNK dome of sky to earth . END
that picture of the american prairie is as UNK fixed in the memory of those who have studied the conquest of the american continent as any later UNK image of the west made in UNK UNK near hollywood . END
for it was the millions of buffalo and prairie chicken and the endless seas of grass that symbolized for a whole generation of americans the abundant supply that was to take many of them westward when the ohio and mississippi valleys began to fill . END
the national park service now proposes to preserve an area in UNK county , northeast kansas , as a `` prairie national park '' . END
there the buffalo would roam , to be seen as a tapestry , not as UNK zoo specimens . END
wooded stream valleys in the UNK of earth would be saved . END
grasslands would extend , UNK , UNK , unbroken by UNK or barn -- as the first settlers saw them . END
the park service makes an impressive UNK and statistical case for creating this new park . END
american history should UNK the case when congress is asked to approve . END
a philadelphia UNK is currently UNK the customary prohibition against UNK advertising on tv and radio . END
starting with small stations not members of the national association of UNK , the firm apparently is seeking to break down the UNK barriers in UNK stations . END
probably the best answer to this kind of entering wedge is congressional action requiring the federal communications commission to ban such advertising through its licensing power . END
the national association of UNK code specifically bars UNK commercials . END
past polls of public opinion show popular favor for this policy . END
even the distilled spirits institute has long had a specific prohibition . END
why , then , with these voluntary barricades and some state laws UNK liquor ads , is it necessary to seek congressional action ? ? END
simply because the UNK action of firms that are not members of the distilled spirits institute and of radio and tv stations that are not members of the UNK tends to spread . END
soon some members of the two industry groups doubtless will want to UNK their codes on grounds that otherwise they will suffer UNK from the efforts of UNK competitors . END
although the false glamour surrounding bourbon or other whisky commercials is possibly no more UNK than the UNK with which tv UNK are downed or UNK applied , there is a sad difference between UNK a viewer into sipping UNK and UNK him into UNK bourbon . END
a law is needed . END
new york : UNK choice END
registered democrats in new york city this year have the opportunity to elect their party's candidates for mayor and other municipal posts and the men who will run their party organization . END
in the central contest , that for mayor , they may have found some pertinent points in what each faction has said about the other . END
mayor robert f. wagner must , as his opponents demand , assume responsibility for his performance in office . END
while all citizens share in blame for UNK municipal ethics the wagner regime has seen serious problems in the schools , law enforcement and fiscal policies . END
the mayor is finding it awkward to campaign against his own record . END
state controller arthur levitt , on the other hand , cannot effectively deny that he has chosen to be the candidate of those party leaders who as a rule have shown UNK interest in political power than in the city's welfare . END
they , too , have links with the city's ills . END
both men are known to be honest and UNK . END
mayor UNK shortcomings have perhaps been more UNK exposed than those of mr. levitt who left an impression of quiet competence in his more protected state post . END
as mayor , mr. levitt might turn out to be more independent than some of his leading supporters would like . END
his election , on the other hand , would unquestionably strengthen the `` regulars '' . END
mr. wagner might or might not be a `` new '' mayor in this third term , now that he is free of the pressure of those party leaders whom he calls `` bosses '' . END
these are , of course , the same people whose support he has only now rejected to seek the independent vote . END
but his UNK would strengthen the liberal democrats and the labor unions who back him . END
if this choice is less exciting than new york democrats may wish , it nevertheless must be made . END
the vote still gives citizens a voice in the operation of their government and their party . END
little war , big test END
both mr. UNK have so far continued to speak softly and carry big sticks over laos . END
president kennedy , already two quiet demands down , still refused thursday to be drawn into delivering a public UNK to moscow . END
but at the same time he moved his UNK marines to within an hour of the fighting . END
and secretary rusk , en route to UNK , doubtless is trying to make emergency arrangements for the possible entry of australian or UNK seato forces . END
for mr. kennedy , speaking softly and carrying a sizable stick is making the best of a bad situation . END
the new president is in no position to start out his dealings with moscow by issuing UNK bluffs . END
he must show at the outset that he means exactly what he says . END
in this case he has put the alternatives clearly to mr. khrushchev for the third time . END
at his press conference mr. kennedy said , `` all we want in laos is peace not war a truly neutral government not a cold war UNK '' . END
at the scene he has just as clearly shown his military strength in UNK but ready position . END
since laos is of no more purely military value to moscow itself than it is to washington , this approach might be expected to head off mr. khrushchev for the moment . END
but because of the peculiar nature of the military situation in laos , the soviet leader must be tempted to let things ride -- a course that would appear to cost him little on the spot , but would UNK washington in a tactical mess . END
as wars go , laos is an extremely little one . END
UNK have been running about a dozen men a day . END
the hard core of the pro-communist rebel force numbers only some 2,000 tough viet UNK guerrilla fighters . END
but for the united states and its seato allies to attempt to shore up a less tough , less UNK government army in UNK , UNK , UNK terrain is a risk not UNK by pentagon planners . END
but if anything can bring home to mr. khrushchev the idea that he will not really get much enjoyment from watching this UNK contest , it will probably be the fact that seato forces are ready to attempt it -- plus the fact that moscow has something to lose from closing off disarmament and other bigger negotiations with washington . END
fortunately both the republicans and america's chief western allies now are joined behind the neutral laos aim of the president . END
actually it would be more accurate to say that the leader of the alliance now has swung fully behind the british policy of seeking to achieve a neutral laos via the international bargaining table . END
it is ironic that washington is having to struggle so for a concept that for six years it UNK as UNK . END
the state department UNK rejected the neutral laos idea after the geneva conference of 1954 , and last year washington backed the UNK coup that UNK neutral premier souvanna phouma . END
but since last fall the united states has been moving toward a UNK position and now is ready to back the british plan for a cease-fire UNK by outside observers and followed by a conference of interested powers . END
the road to a UNK , UNK laos is today almost as difficult as warfare on that nation's terrain . END
but for the safety of southeast asia , and for the sake of the laotian people -- who would not be UNK by either militant minority now engaged in the fighting -- this last big effort to seal that country from the cold war had to be made . END
the world UNK mr. khrushchev's choice of alternatives . END
a vote for educational tv END
the senate's overwhelming ( UNK ) vote to support locally controlled educational tv efforts should be UNK in the lower house . END
twice previously the senate has approved measures backing UNK and the house has let them die . END
but this year prospects may be better . END
the house communications subcommittee is expected to report out a good bill calling for the states to match federal funds . END
this year's senate measure would provide each state and the district of columbia with UNK to be used in support of private , state , or municipal UNK efforts . END
the funds would be used for equipment , not for land , buildings , or operation . END
the relatively few communities that have educational stations have found them of considerable value . END
but , lacking money from commercial sponsors , the stations have had difficulties meeting expenses or improving their service . END
other communities -- the ones to be aided most by the senate bill -- have had difficulty starting such stations because of the high initial cost of equipment . END
a good man UNK . END
sam rayburn was a good man , a good american , and , third , a good democrat . END
he was all of these rolled into one sturdy figure ; ; END
mr. speaker , mr. sam , and mr. democrat , at one and the same time . END
the house was his habitat and there he flourished , first as a young representative , then as a forceful committee chairman , and finally in the post for which he seemed intended from birth , speaker of the house , and second most powerful man in washington . END
mr. rayburn was not an easy man to classify or to label . END
he was no flaming liberal , yet the new deal , the fair deal and the new frontier needed him . END
he was not a UNK conservative , yet UNK of that persuasion will miss him as much as any . END
two of the vital qualities demanded of a politician by other politicians are that he always keep a confidence and that he keep his word . END
sam rayburn took UNK secrets with him to the grave , for he was never UNK , and his word , once given , was not subject to UNK . END
it might be added that as he kept his word so he expected that others keep theirs . END
the demonstration of his power was never UNK or theatrical . END
his leadership was not for audiences . END
a growl , a nod , was usually enough . END
when it was not , one of the great dramas of washington would be presented . END
he would rise in the well of the house , his chin upon his chest , his hands gripping the side of a desk , and the political and legislative chatter would UNK into silence . END
he spoke briefly , sensibly , to the point and without UNK flourishes . END
he made good , plain american common sense and the house usually recognized it and acted upon it . END
these public efforts were rare because mr. rayburn normally did his counseling , persuading and UNK long before an issue reached its test on the house floor . END
he expected democrats to do their duty when it had been patiently pointed out to them . END
with his long service he had a long memory , an excellent thing in a political leader . END
he was , of course , in the house for a very long time . END
there are only two men remaining in congress who , with rayburn , voted for the declaration of war against germany in 1917 . END
to almost two generations of americans it must have seemed as though the existence of mr. sam coincided with that of the house . END
and it was the house he loved . END
to be presiding officer of it was the end of his desire and ambition . END
the senate to him was not the `` upper body '' and he corrected those who said he served `` under '' the president . END
he served `` with '' him . END
sound the roll of those with whom he served and who preceded him in death . END
woodrow wilson , with whom he began his years in washington , warren g. UNK , calvin coolidge , UNK , with whom he managed a social revolution . END
and those still with us , herbert c. hoover , harry s. truman , dwight d. eisenhower and john f. kennedy . END
he was a fighter for those of his own party . END
mr. truman has only to recall the `` hopeless '' campaign of 1948 to remember what a loyal partisan he was and the first experience of mr. kennedy with congress would have been UNK than it was had not mr. sam been there . END
as it was , his absence because of his final illness was a blow to the administration . END
with republican presidents , he fought fair . END
he was his own man , not an automatic UNK . END
he kept his attacks on republicanism for partisan campaigns , but that is part of the game he was born to play . END
under any name -- mr. speaker , mr. democrat , mr. sam -- he was a good man . END
un off the congo track END
thirteen italian UNK who went to the congo to serve the cause of peace under the united nations banner have instead met violent death at the hands of congolese troops supposedly their friends . END
in 18 months , no more UNK incident has been reported from that jungle . END
simply out of UNK , their murderers UNK the bodies and tossed the remains into the river . END
the excuse was offered for them that they had mistaken the italians for belgian mercenaries . END
in other words , UNK by savages wearing the uniform of the central government might be UNK , had the victims been serving the cause of UNK katanga . END
does this suggest that the congo is fit for UNK or that un is making any progress whatever toward its goal of so making it ? ? END
to the contrary , through the past six weeks violence has been piled upon violence . END
mass UNK , troop UNK , uncontrolled UNK and UNK and reckless military adventures , given no sanction by any political authority , have become almost daily occurrences . END
yet this basic condition of UNK and anarchy is not the work of katanga . END
it happens in the territory of the UNK government , which is itself a fiction , UNK incapable of governing , and commanding only such limited credit abroad as un support gives it . END
the main question raised by the incident is how much longer will un bury its head in the sand on the congo problem instead of facing the bitter fact that it has no solution in present terms ? ? END
the probable answer is that it will do so just as long as russia can exercise a veto in favor of chaos and until young african nations wake up to the truth that out of false pride they are visiting ruin on central africa . END
right now , they are pushing a resolution which would have un use its forces to invade and UNK katanga . END
that notion is UNK UNK from several points of view . END
the un army is too weak , too UNK for the task . END
further , it has its work cut out stopping anarchy where it is now UNK . END
last , it makes no sense to deliver katanga , the one reasonably solid territory , into the existing chaos . END
the congo should have been UNK , because it was not ready for independence . END
the idea was not even suggested because political UNK prevailed over wisdom . END
it is perhaps too late now to talk of mandate because it is inconsistent with what is termed political realism . END
but if any realism and feeling for truth remain in the general assembly , it is time for men of courage to measure the magnitude of the failure and urge some new approach . END
otherwise , un will march blindly on to certain defeat . END
a recent editorial discussing a labor-management agreement reached between the southern pacific co. and the order of railroad telegraphers has been criticized on the grounds that it was not based on complete information . END
the editorial was based on a news association dispatch which said that the telegraphers had secured an agreement whereby they were guaranteed 40 UNK pay per week whether they worked or not and that a reduction in their number was limited to 2 per cent per year . END
our comment was that this was `` UNK '' in its ultimate form and that sympathy for the railroad was misplaced since it had entered into such an agreement . END
the statement was also made that undoubtedly the railroad had received some UNK benefit from the telegraphers , but that it was difficult to imagine what could balance a job for life . END
additional information supplied to us UNK that the railroad gained a UNK supply of telegraphers of which it was in need . END
also , normal personnel attrition would make the job reduction provision more or less academic . END
the situation with regard to the southern pacific was therefore a special one and not necessarily applicable to other situations in other industries . END
the solution reached in the agreement was more acceptable to the railroad than that originally included in a series of union demands . END
meditations from a fallout shelter END
time was when the house of delegates of the american bar association leaned to the common sense side . END
but the UNK have taken over the governing body of the bar , and when the UNK met in st. louis , it was not to grumble about the humidity but to vote unanimously that the united nations was scarcely less than wonderful , despite an UNK here and there . END
it was , the brief writers decided , `` man's best hope for a peaceful and law abiding world '' . END
peace , it's wonderful , and `` world law '' , it's wonderful , too , and shouldn't we get an international UNK extending it into space , before the russians put some claim UNK on the moon ? ? END
meanwhile , in moscow , khrushchev was adding his bit to the march of world law by promising to build a bomb with a UNK equal to 100 million tons of tnt , to knock sense into the heads of those backward UNK who can't see the justice of surrendering west berlin to communism . END
a nuclear UNK of these dimensions -- roughly some six and a half times bigger than anything the united states has triggered experimentally -- would certainly produce a bigger bang , and , just for UNK , khrushchev might use it to propel the seminar of the house of delegates from st. louis to the moon , where there wouldn't even be any beer to drink . END
while he was at it , the philosopher of the kremlin contributed an additional assist to the rule of reason by UNK at those in the west who can't appreciate coexistence thru suicide . END
`` fools '' , he UNK , `` what do you think you are doing '' ? ? END
the only response we can think of is the humble one that at least we aren't playing the UNK with our shoes in the united nations , but perhaps the heavy domes in the house of delegates can improve on this feeble effort . END
another evidence of the spreading rule of reason was provided from mexico city with the daily UNK of an american plane by a UNK algerian with a gun . END
the craft made the familiar unwelcome flight to havana , where , for some unknown reason , castro rushed to the airport to express UNK to the UNK foreign minister , a passenger , who is not an UNK of old ten o'clock shadow . END
the plane was sent back to the united states , for a change , but castro kept the crazy UNK , who will prove a suitable recruit to the revolution . END
less respect for the legal conventions was displayed by castro's right hand man , UNK UNK , who UNK the inter-american economic and social council meeting in UNK by reading two secret american documents UNK from the united states embassy at UNK , UNK . END
the contents were highly embarrassing to american spokesmen , who were on hand to promise latin americans a 20 billion dollar foreign aid millennium . END
perhaps the UNK of world law are not advanced by stealing american diplomatic papers and planes , but the kennedy administration can always file a UNK to the effect that , but for its own incompetence in UNK american interests , these things would not happen . END
the same can be said about the UNK cuban invasion mounted by the administration last april , which , we trust , is not symptomatic of the methods to be invoked in holding off the UNK khrushchev . END
pass the iron UNK , please , and light another candle , for it's getting dark down here and we're UNK to read a bit of world law just to pass the time away . END
the board of suspension of the interstate commerce commission has ordered a group of railroads not to reduce their freight rates on grain , as they had planned to do this month . END
the request for lower rates originated with the southern railway , which has spent a good deal of time and money developing a UNK UNK car with which it says it can move grain at about half what it costs in the conventional , smaller car . END
by reducing rates as much as 60 per cent , it and its associated railroads hope to win back some of the business they have lost to UNK and barge lines . END
the board's action shows what free enterprise is up against in our complex maze of regulatory laws . END
a shock wave from africa END
word of dag hammarskjold's death in an african plane crash has sent a UNK around the globe . END
as head of the united nations he was the symbol of world peace , and his tragic end came at a moment when peace hangs UNK . END
it was on the eve of a momentous u.n. session to come to grips with cold war issues . END
his firm hand will be desperately missed . END
mr. hammarskjold was in africa on a mission of peace . END
he had sought talks with moise tshombe , the UNK president of UNK katanga province where recent fighting had been bloody . END
he earnestly urged a cease-fire . END
the story of the fatal crash is not fully known . END
the UNK plane which was flying from the conference city of UNK in northern UNK had been UNK with UNK bullets last weekend and was newly repaired . END
whether this , or overt action , was the cause of the crash must be promptly determined . END
the death of mr. hammarskjold removes the united UNK most controversial leader . END
he was controversial because he was uncompromising for peace and freedom with justice . END
he UNK defended the rights of small nations , and he stood his ground against the savage attacks of the communist bloc . END
the congo , in whose cause he died , was the scene of one of his greatest UNK . END
his policies had resolved the conflicts that threatened to UNK the cold war and workable solutions were beginning to take shape . END
when the recent UNK UNK UNK these solutions mr. hammarskjold , despite the danger , flew to exert a UNK influence . END
he gave his life for his beliefs . END
the u.n. session scheduled for today will meet under the cloud of his passing . END
it is a crucial session with the world on the edge of momentous developments . END
if the manner of his passing moves the nations to act in the spirit of his dedication the sore issues that plague the world can yet be resolved with reason and justice . END
that is the hope of mankind . END
reaching agreement on projects of value to the whole community has long been one of greater UNK hardest tasks . END
too many have UNK down in UNK . END
even when public bodies arrived at a consensus , at least one UNK vote has been usual . END
so we note UNK a fresh sample of unanimity . END
all nine members of the inter-american center authority voted for UNK & company's proposal to finance the UNK trade and cultural center . END
the widely known financial firm has 60 days to spell out the terms of its contract . END
if the UNK is accepted , the authority will proceed to UNK a bond issue UNK from revenue . END
then UNK will hand over a minimum of UNK million for developing the spacious graves tract to house the center . END
the next step UNK approval today by the UNK commissioners as the members of the UNK county port authority . END
they allotted UNK three years ago to support interama until its own financing could be arranged . END
less than half the sum has been spent , since the interama board pinched pennies during that period of UNK negotiations . END
the balance is being UNK for the coming year . END
unanimity on interama is not surprising . END
it is one of the rare public ventures here on which nearly everyone is agreed . END
the city of miami recently yielded a prior claim of UNK million on the graves tract to clear the way for the project . END
county officials have UNK consistently . END
so have the people's elected spokesmen at the state and federal levels . END
interama , as it rises , will be a living monument to greater UNK ability to get together on worthwhile enterprises . END
a short report and a good one END
progress , or lack of it , toward civil rights in the 50 states is reported in an impressive UNK compilation issued last week by the united states commission on civil rights . END
much happened in this field during the past 12 months . END
each state advisory committee documented its own activity . END
some accounts are quite lengthy but UNK is the UNK of all , requiring only four paragraphs . END
`` the established pattern of relative calm in the field of race relations has continued in all areas '' , reported this group headed by harold UNK of UNK and including two south UNK , william d. singer and john b. turner of miami . END
`` no complaints or charges have been filed during the past year , either verbally or written , from any individual or group . END
`` the committee continues to feel that florida has progressed in a sound and equitable program at both the state and local levels in its efforts to review and assess transition problems as they arise from time to time in the entire spectrum of civil rights '' . END
problems have arisen in this sensitive field but have been handled in most cases with understanding and restraint . END
the progress reported by the advisory committee is real . END
while some think we move too fast and others too slowly , UNK record is a good one and stands out among the 50 . END
west germany will face the crucial tests that lie ahead , on berlin and unification , with a coalition government . END
this is the key fact emerging from sunday's national election . END
chancellor UNK christian democratic party slipped only a little in the voting but it was enough to lose the absolute UNK majority it has enjoyed since 1957 . END
in order to form a new government it must deal with one of the two rival parties which gained strength . END
inevitably this means some compromise . END
the aging chancellor in all likelihood will be retired . END
both willy UNK social democrats , who gained 22 seats in the new parliament , and the free democrats , who picked up 23 , will insist on that before they enter the government . END
UNK UNK UNK , the economic expert , probably will UNK to the leadership long denied him . END
if he becomes chancellor , dr. UNK would make few changes . END
the UNK who fashioned west UNK astonishing industrial UNK is the soul of free enterprise . END
he is dedicated to building the nation's strength and , as are all west germans , to a free berlin and to reunion with captive east germany . END
what is in doubt as the free germans and their allies consider the voting trends is the nature of the coalition that will result . END
if the party of adenauer and UNK , with 45 per cent of the vote , approaches the party of willy brandt , which won 36 per cent , the result would be a stiffening of the old resolve . END
west berlin's mayor brandt vigorously demanded a firmer stand on the UNK of his city and won votes by it . END
the free democrats ( 12 per cent of the vote ) believe a nuclear war can be avoided by negotiating with the soviet union , and more dealings with the communist bloc . END
the question left by the election is whether west germany UNK slightly toward more firmness or more flexibility . END
it could go either way , since the gains for both points of view were about the same . END
regardless of the decision two facts are clear . END
west germany , with its industrial and military might , UNK its democracy and remains firm with the free nations . END
and the career of UNK adenauer , who upheld UNK tradition of UNK leaders which UNK began , draws near the end . END
americans are a nation of UNK , a quality which our friends find UNK and sometimes amusing . END
but it can be dangerous if the UNK doesn't want to make a spectacle of himself . END
for instance , so-called `` conservative '' organizations , some of them secret , are sprouting in the garden of joining where `` liberal '' organizations once took root . END
one specific example is a secret `` fraternity '' which will `` coordinate anti-communist efforts '' . END
the principle is commendable but we suspect that in the practice somebody is going to get UNK . END
according to the chicago tribune news service , state atty. gen. stanley UNK of california has devised a series of questions which the UNK might well ask about any organization seeking his money and his name : 1 . END
does it UNK schools and churches with blanket UNK ? ? END
does it attack other traditional american institutions with UNK and wild charges ? ? END
does it put the label of un-american or UNK on everyone with whom it UNK politically ? ? END
does it attempt to rewrite modern history by UNK american statesmen for wars , communism , depression , and other troubles of the world ? ? END
does it employ crude pressure tactics with such means as anonymous telephone calls and letter writing campaigns ? ? END
do its spokesmen seem more interested in the amount of money they collect than in the principles they UNK to advocate ? ? END
in some instances a seventh question can be added : 7 . END
does the organization show an affinity for a foreign government , political party or personality in opposition or preference to the american system ? ? END
if the would-be UNK asks these questions he is not likely to be UNK by extremists who are seeking to capitalize on the confusions and the patriotic apprehensions of americans in a troubled time . END
falling somewhere in a category between UNK theory and sand UNK -- difficult to see but UNK there , nevertheless -- is the tropical green `` city '' of UNK , a string of UNK islands that has almost no residents , limited access and an unlimited future . END
the latter is what concerns us all . END
whatever land you can see here , from the north tip end of elliott key looking southward , belongs to someone -- people who have title to the land . END
and what you can't see , the land underneath the water , belongs to someone , too . END
the only real problem is to devise a plan whereby the owners of the UNK land can develop their property without the public losing its underwater land and the right to its development for public use and enjoyment . END
in the fairly brief but UNK history of florida , the UNK of waterfront land have too often wound up with both their land and ours . END
in this instance , happily , insistence is being made that our share is protected . END
and until this protection is at least as concrete as , say , the row of hotels that bars us from our own sands at miami beach , those who represent us all should agree to nothing . END
closed doors in city hall END
the reaction of certain city council members to UNK newest UNK laws was as UNK as it was disappointing . END
we had assumed that at least this local legislative body had nothing to hide , and , therefore , had no objections to making the deliberations of its committees and the city commissions available to the public . END
in the preamble to the UNK statutes , collectively known as the brown act , the legislature declares that `` the public commissions , boards and councils and other public agencies in this state exist to aid in the conduct of the people's business . END
it is the intent of the law that their actions be taken openly and that their deliberations be conducted openly . END
`` the people of this state do not yield their sovereignty to the agencies that serve them . END
the people , in UNK authority , do not give their public servants the right to decide what is good for the people to know and what is not good for them to know . END
the full implementation of these noble words , however , has taken the efforts of five sessions of the legislature . END
since 1953 california has led the nation in enacting guarantees that public business shall be publicly conducted , but not until this year did the lawmakers in UNK plug the remaining UNK in the brown act . END
despite the lip service paid by local governments , the UNK statutes have been continuously UNK by reservations and UNK . END
when all else fails , it is argued that open sessions slow down governmental operations . END
we submit that this is a most desirable effect of the law -- and one of its principal aims . END
without public scrutiny the deliberations of public agencies would no doubt be conducted more UNK . END
but the citizens would , of course , never be sure that the decisions that resulted were as correct as they were UNK . END
if the dominican republic achieves free , democratic government , it will be due in large part to the u.s. show of force that enabled president UNK to prevent a threatened restoration of trujillo dictatorship . END
UNK , UNK trujillo is calm . END
none of the trujillo family remains . END
mr. UNK is in control , and opposition leaders have no further excuse to suspect his offer of a coalition government preliminary to free elections in the spring . END
had u.s. UNK not appeared off the dominican coast , there is every possibility that the country would now be UNK by civil war . END
ultimately either the UNK would have been returned to power or the conflict would have produced conditions favorable to a UNK by dominican elements responsive to castro in cuba . END
within the organization of american states , there may be some criticism of this UNK american intervention which was not without risk obviously . END
but there was no complaint from the dominican crowds which lined UNK UNK waterfront shouting , `` UNK yankees '' ! ! END
more , the u.s. action was hailed by a principal opposition leader , dr. juan UNK , as having saved `` many lives and many troubles in the near future '' . END
mr. UNK troubles are by no means over . END
he will need the help of all UNK members to UNK , finally , the forces of UNK , UNK and UNK alike . END
in cooperating toward that objective , UNK might move with the speed and effectiveness demonstrated by the united states . END
those watching the growing rivalry between craft unions and industrial unions may recognize all the pressures that led to the big labor split in 1935 . END
now , as then , it is a matter of jobs . END
craft unions seek work that industrial unions claim , such as factory maintenance . END
the issue was sufficiently potent in 1935 to spark UNK from the american federation of labor of its industrial union members . END
that breach was healed 20 years later by merger of the american federation of labor and the congress of industrial organizations . END
or that's what it looked like at the time . END
but automation and the increasing complexity of factories has renewed the competition for jobs . END
walter UNK , leader of the industrial union faction of the afl-cio , says another two years of this UNK will be disastrous for all american labor . END
whether it could be as disastrous for american labor as , say , jimmy UNK of the teamsters , is a matter of UNK . END
but the UNK disputes that result from the UNK rivalry do not win friends for labor . END
engaged as it is in a battle for world trade as a condition of national survival , this country can have little patience with UNK family UNK . END
the concept of labor as a special class is UNK , and in the task confronting america as UNK of the free world , labor must learn to put the national interest first if it is itself to survive . END
the army , navy and air force , among others , may question secretary UNK claim that the high estate of united states agriculture is the `` strongest deterrent '' to the spread of communism . END
but the secretary insists that the success of the american farmer is the `` greatest single source of strength '' in the struggle to insure freedom around the world . END
mr. freeman said that in many of the countries he visited on a recent world trade trip people were more awed by america's capacity to produce food surpluses than by our industrial production -- or even by the UNK successes in space . END
this shouldn't surprise the secretary ; ; END
american taxpayers have been impressed by the surpluses for a long , long time . END
in fact , over the years , the american farmer's capacity to UNK has cost the taxpayers a large dollar . END
and thus far , mr. freeman has offered very little relief . END
the 1961 feed grain program , which the secretary sponsored , has been declared a billion dollar fiasco . END
in exchange for higher price supports , UNK pledged reduction in planted acreage . END
but the farmers UNK washington by UNK the distance between the rows and pouring on the fertilizer . END
the result : $1.1 billion added to the deficit in the federal budget . END
perhaps , as mr. freeman says , american agriculture may stop the communists , but it is also UNK the american taxpayer . END
a senate subcommittee headed by sen. jackson of washington has been going over the state department and has reached some predictable conclusions . END
the department needs a clearer `` sense of direction '' at the top and it needs fewer , but better , people , sen. jackson says . END
the subcommittee is not alone in questioning the effectiveness of the department . END
president kennedy has indicated his dissatisfaction with its performance . END
but those who would UNK so complex an organization must , first of all , overcome the resistance of layers of officials wedded to traditional procedures , suspicious of innovation and fearful of mistakes . END
nor does sen. jackson discuss the delicate situation created by the presence in the white house of a corps of presidential assistants engaged in the study of foreign policy . END
this tends to create friction and confusion and has not made it easier for secretary rusk to restore vigor and initiative among his subordinates . END
but competent observers believe he is making progress , particularly toward what sen. jackson lists as the primary need -- `` a clearer understanding of where our vital national interests lie and what we must do to promote them '' . END
the jackson report will provide some of the political support mr. rusk will need if he is to get rid of department personnel engaged , as sen. jackson puts it , `` in work that does not really need doing '' . END
mr. rusk should also draw comfort from sen. UNK recommendation that congressional methods of dealing with national security problems be improved . END
UNK is a rare but needed commodity in congress . END
forecasting economic activity is a hazardous undertaking even for the specialist . END
but now apparently the job of secretary of labor requires that he be willing to risk his reputation as a UNK of unemployment trends . END
james p. mitchell , when he was the head of the department , promised to eat his hat if unemployment didn't drop below three million a couple of years ago . END
he lost , but settled for a cake in the shape of a UNK . END
his successor , secretary goldberg , also has been guessing wrong on a drop in the unemployment rate which has been holding just under 7 per cent for the last 11 months . END
no betting man , mr. goldberg says he's merely `` putting my neck out again '' by predicting the rate will go down this month . END
he is basing his guess on new government statistics that show business has broadened its stride -- a new record high in personal income , an increase in housing starts , a UNK in retail sales and a gain in orders for durable goods . END
mr. mitchell had an excuse for losing -- the steel strike lasted much longer than he anticipated . END
mr. goldberg has less reason for missing . END
the economy seems to be sailing along on an even keel and the 1961 hurricane season and auto strikes are at an end so they can't be blamed in november . END
the odds thus appear favorable that the secretary's neck may be spared . END
UNK chief of state , who has been accused of UNK communist UNK and otherwise making life miserable for neighboring south viet nam and thailand , insists he would be very unhappy if communism established its power in southeast asia . END
but so convinced of UNK inevitable triumph is prince UNK that he is ready to throw in the towel . END
`` i have to see the facts '' , is the way the prince puts it . END
and from that point of vantage he UNK another two years of grace to nations maintaining a pro-western posture . END
prince UNK powers of UNK some day may be confirmed but history is not likely to praise the courage of his convictions . END
commerce secretary hodges seems to have been cast in the role of UNK for official washington's economic UNK . END
weeks ago he saw a business upturn in the second quarter of this year while his colleagues in the cabinet were shaking their heads in disagreement . END
recently treasury secretary dillon and labor secretary goldberg fell into line with mr. UNK appraisal , though there has been some reluctance to do so at the white house . END
and now mr. hodges has UNK further into the economic unknown with the announcement that he thinks business has stopped sliding and that it should start going upward from this point . END
he is the first top administration officer to see the bottom of the slump . END
the secretary based his assessment on the upturn in retail sales . END
UNK volume was 1 per cent above UNK for the first pickup since last october , although it's still 1.5 per cent off from february 1960 . END
UNK mr. UNK figures was the federal reserve board's report of the large sales increase in the nation's department stores for the week ending march 4 . END
in newark , for example , this gain was put at 26 per cent above the UNK level . END
of course , some of the credit for the sale boost must be given to improvement in the weather and to the fact that easter comes more than two weeks earlier than in 1960 . END
another optimistic sign , this one from the labor department , was the report that the long rise in unemployment compensation payments `` was interrupted for the first time in the week ending feb. 25 '' . END
initial claims for UNK benefits were said to have dropped by UNK in the week ending march 4 . END
mr. hodges is so hopeful over the outlook that he doesn't think there will be any need of a cut in income taxes . END
well , we can't have everything . END
prosperity for the whole nation is certainly preferred to a tax cut . END
in new jersey , too END
new jersey folk need not be told of the UNK march to the sea , for in a single generation he has UNK and populated miles of our shoreline and presses on to develop the few open spaces that remain . END
now the stone harbor bird sanctuary , 31 acres of magic attraction for exotic UNK , is threatened , but the UNK extends far beyond our state . END
against the dramatic fight being waged for preservation of 30 miles of cape cod shoreline , the tiny tract at stone harbor may seem unimportant . END
but interior secretary udall UNK that there is a race on between those who would develop our few surviving open UNK and those who would save them for the enjoyment of all as public preserves . END
the move for establishment of a national seashore park on 30,000 acres of cape cod , from UNK to UNK , is strengthened by president kennedy's interest in that area . END
but preservation of the natural beauty of the cape is of more than regional concern , for the automobile age has made it the recreation spot of people from all over the country . END
by comparison , stone harbor bird UNK allies seem less formidable , for aside from the audubon society , they are mostly the snowy , common and cattle UNK and the louisiana , green , little blue and UNK UNK who nest and feed there . END
but there is hope , for conservation commissioner UNK has tagged the sanctuary as the kind of place the state hopes to include in its program to double its park space . END
the UNK of preserving such places as the cape dunes and stone harbor sanctuary becomes more apparent every year . END
public sentiment for UNK our rich natural heritage is growing . END
but that heritage is UNK even faster . END
much of the glamor president kennedy's peace corps may have held for some prospective applicants has been removed by sargent shriver , the head UNK . END
anybody who is expecting a UNK should , according to mr. shriver , get off the train right now . END
first of all , the recruits will have to undergo arduous schooling . END
it will be a UNK training day . END
then off to a remote place in an underdeveloped country where the diet , culture , language and living conditions will be different . END
and the pay , of course , will be UNK . END
despite all this , the idea apparently has captured the imagination of countless youths whose parents are probably more surprised by the response than anybody else . END
the study of the st. louis UNK economic prospects prepared for the construction industry joint conference UNK and UNK both the findings of the metropolitan st. louis survey of 1957 and the easily observed picture of the UNK countryside . END
st. louis sits in the center of a relatively UNK and in some places stagnant UNK region . END
UNK regional demand for st. louis goods and services reflects the UNK relative lack of purchasing power . END
not all st. louis industries , of course , have a market area confined to the immediate neighborhood . END
but for those which do , the slow growth of the area has a UNK effect on the metropolitan core . END
the city has a stake in stimulating growth and purchasing power throughout UNK missouri and southern illinois . END
gov. UNK new commerce and industry commission is moving to create a UNK regional group in a collective effort to attract new industry . END
that is one approach . END
another would be to take the advice of dr. elmer ellis , president of the university of missouri , and provide for an impartial professional analysis of missouri's economy . END
he says the state , in order to proceed with economic development , must develop an understanding of how the various parts of its economy fit together and UNK into the national economy . END
the research center of the university's school of business and public administration is prepared to undertake the analysis dr. ellis has been talking about . END
he and dean john w. UNK of the business school outlined the project at a recent conference . END
the university can make a valuable contribution to the state's economic development through such a study . END
in southern illinois , the new federal program of help to economically depressed areas ought to provide some stimulus to growth . END
the UNK industrial development corp. has obtained a UNK loan to help UNK the cost of UNK a UNK factory to accommodate production that will provide 500 new jobs . END
UNK is in the UNK UNK labor market , where unemployment has been substantially higher than the national average . END
the federal program eventually should have a favorable impact on missouri's depressed areas , and in the long run that will benefit st. louis as well . END
UNK st. UNK county in illinois presents another piece of the problem of metropolitan development . END
more industrial acreage lies vacant in st. UNK county than in any other jurisdiction in the st. louis area . END
the unstable political situation there represents one reason new plants shy away from the east side . END
and then there is st. louis county , where the democratic leadership has shown little appreciation of the need for sound zoning , of the important relationship between proper land use and economic growth . END
st. louis county under its present leadership also has largely closed its eyes to the need for governmental reform , and permitted parochial interests to take priority over UNK interests . END
some UNK specialists take these signs to mean st. louis county doesn't want industry , and so they avoid the area , and more jobs are lost . END
metropolitan st. UNK relatively slow rate of growth ought to be a priority concern of the political , business , civic and other leaders on both sides of the mississippi . END
without a great acceleration in the metropolitan UNK economy , there will not be sufficient jobs for the growing numbers of youngsters , and st. louis will slip into UNK status . END
many of our very best friends are UNK . END
still we must confess that sometimes some of them go too far . END
take , for example , the UNK among new york city's democrats . END
having whipped mr. de UNK in the UNK and thus come into control of tammany hall , they have changed the name to UNK hall . END
even though headquarters actually have been moved into the UNK building , do they believe that they can make the new name stick ? ? END
granted that the tammany name and the tammany tiger often were regarded as UNK of political shame , the UNK of the hall also have a few good marks to their credit . END
but it is tradition rather than the record which UNK at the UNK of the tammany name . END
after all , it goes back to the days in which UNK was not un-american , the days in which the sons of st. tammany UNK to overthrow the government by force and violence -- the british government , that is . END
further , do our UNK friends really believe that the UNK will consent to the UNK of the tiger from their zoo ? ? END
they will -- when they give up the UNK and the elephant . END
instead of attempting the impossible , why not a publicity campaign to prove that all the UNK stripes are not black ? ? END
that might go over . END
the white house itself has taken steps to remove a former batista official , col. UNK faget , from his preposterous position as UNK of cuban refugees for the immigration service . END
the faget appointment was preposterous on several grounds . END
the kennedy administration had assured UNK cubans that it would have nothing to do with associates of dictator batista . END
using a batista man to screen refugees represented a total misunderstanding of the democratic forces which alone can effectively oppose castro . END
moreover , col. UNK information on cuba was too UNK to be useful in `` screening '' castro agents ; ; END
the colonel fled to the friendly haven of the dominican dictatorship as soon as castro seized power . END
and while he had headed UNK anti-communist section , the batista regime did not disturb the communists so much as more open opponents who were alleged to be communists . END
responsibility for the faget appointment rests with gen. j. m. swing , an eisenhower UNK as head of the immigration service . END
gen. swing has received public attention before this for abuse of some of the UNK of his office . END
his official term expired last summer . END
some reports say he was rescued from timely retirement by his friend , congressman walter of pennsylvania , at a moment when the kennedy administration was UNK searching for all the house votes it could get . END
congressman walter has been UNK in immigration matters , but he has announced plans to retire in 1962 . END
at that point the administration will have little reason to hang onto gen. swing . END
the faget case was the kind of salvage job the administration should not have to repeat . END
as president , dwight d. eisenhower often assumed a role aloof from the strife of partisan politics . END
as a former president , however , mr. eisenhower abandoned this role to engage in partisan UNK during a new york republican rally , and generally missed his target . END
mr. eisenhower seized upon the incident of the postcard lost by a peace corps girl in UNK to attack the entire corps as a `` juvenile experiment '' and to suggest sending a corps member to the moon . END
this was juvenile ridicule . END
nowhere did the speaker recognize the serious purpose of the corps or its welcome reception abroad . END
his words were the more UNK to come from a man who lent his name to the eisenhower exchange UNK dedicated to the same goal of international understanding . END
the former president UNK ignored recent history in speaking of `` UNK '' dollars under kennedy administration fiscal policies . END
it was the eisenhower administration which produced the largest peacetime deficit . END
finally , mr. eisenhower found nothing but confusion in washington . END
this statement recalls the 1959 berlin crisis , when president eisenhower first told reporters that berlin could not be defended with conventional weapons and then added that a nuclear defense was out of the picture too . END
the crisis has been renewed since then but the confusion has hardly been compounded . END
UNK , relieved of accountability for policy , sometimes seem to feel free of accountability for their words . END
some of former president UNK UNK UNK have been in that vein . END
nobody can deny the right of former chief executives to take part in politics , but the american people expect them always to remember the obligations of national leadership and to treat issues with a sense of responsibility . END
this is a matter of respect for the presidency . END
mr. eisenhower's new york speech does not encourage respect for that or for his elder UNK . END
the queen mary has long been a symbol of speed , luxury , and impeccable british service on the high seas . END
reports that the venerable liner , which has been in service since 1936 , was to be retired struck a nostalgic note in many of us . END
but the cunard line , influenced by unpleasant economic facts and not sentiment , has decided to keep the queen mary in service until next spring at least . END
a new queen , with the UNK title of UNK , had been planned for several years to replace the queen mary . END
the british government , concerned about the threat of unemployment in the UNK industry , had put through a bill to give cunard loans and grants totaling UNK toward the UNK cost of a new UNK passenger liner . END
since 1957 , more and more UNK passengers have been crossing by air . END
economy class UNK and charter flights have attracted almost all new passengers to the airlines . END
competition from other UNK lines has cut UNK share of sea passengers from one-third to one-fourth and this year the line showed a marked drop of profits on the atlantic run . END
the cunard line has under consideration replacing the queen mary with a ship smaller than UNK tons . END
this would be cheaper to operate and could be used for UNK during the lean winter months . END
also under consideration is an increased investment in cunard eagle airways which has applied to serve new york . END
the decline of the cunard line from its position of dominance in atlantic travel is a significant development in the history of transportation . END
gen. maxwell UNK statement in UNK that he is `` very much encouraged '' about the chances of the pro-western government of viet nam turning back communist guerrilla attacks comes close to an announcement that he will not recommend UNK united states troops to UNK the vietnamese army . END
gen. taylor will report to president kennedy in a few days on the results of his visit to south viet nam and , judging from some of his remarks to reporters in the far east , he is likely to urge a more efficient mobilization of vietnamese military , economic , political and other resources . END
there was good reason for gen. taylor to make an inspection trip at this time . END
communist guerrillas recently have been reported increasing their activities and the great flood of the UNK river has UNK a new crisis . END
south viet UNK rice surplus for next year -- more than 300,000 tons -- may have been destroyed . END
the viet UNK , the communist rebels , may have lost their stored grain and arms factories . END
the rebels may try to seize what is left of the october harvest when the floods UNK and the UNK ends in november . END
nothing that is likely to happen , however , should prompt the sending of united states soldiers for other than UNK missions . END
the UNK struggle was a war to stay out of in 1954 , when gen. UNK estimated it would take a minimum of 10 to 15 divisions at the outset to win a war the french were losing . END
it is a war to stay out of today , especially in view of the fact that president UNK UNK UNK apparently does not want united states troops . END
he may want additional technical help , and this should be forthcoming . END
south viet nam has received UNK in united states aid since 1954 and the rate of assistance has been stepped up since vice president UNK b. johnson's visit last may . END
gen. taylor , the president's special military adviser , is a UNK officer who is not likely to UNK to propaganda or pressure . END
it is probable that his recommendations will be informed and workable , and that they will not lead to involving the united states in an asian UNK . END
gov. john m. dalton , himself a lawyer and a man of long service in government , spoke with rich background and experience when he said in an address here that lawyers ought to quit sitting in the missouri general assembly , or quit accepting fees from individuals and corporations who have controversies with or axes to UNK with the government and who are retained , not because of their legal talents , but because of their government influence . END
the u.n.'s ' gravest crisis ' END
ambassador stevenson yesterday described the u.n.'s problem of UNK a temporary successor to the late dag hammarskjold as `` the gravest crisis the institution has faced '' . END
of course it is . END
if the decision goes wrong , it may be -- as mr. stevenson fears -- `` the first step on the slippery path downhill '' to a u.n. without operational responsibilities and without effective meaning . END
the integrity of the office not merely requires that the secretary general shall be , as the charter puts it , `` the chief administrative officer of the organization '' , but that neither he nor his staff shall seek or receive instructions from any government or any other authority `` external to the organization '' . END
in other words , the secretary general is to be a UNK , international servant , not a political , national one . END
he should be , as dag hammarskjold certainly was , a citizen of the world . END
the charter does UNK that `` due regard '' shall be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on `` as wide a geographical basis as possible '' . END
the united states and its allies have had no objection to this . END
what they have objected to is the attempt of the russians to make use of the tragedy of dag hammarskjold's death to turn the entire u.n. staff from the secretary down into political agents of the respective countries from which they come . END
the controversy now UNK mainly around the number and geographic origin of the deputies of the secretary general and , more particularly , around the nature of his relationship with them . END
although the united states and the u.s.s.r. have been arguing whether there shall be four , five or six top assistants , the most important element in the situation is not the number of deputies but the manner in which these deputies are to do their work . END
if any one of them has any power to veto the secretary general's decisions the nature of the organization will have changed . END
if they give him advice when he asks it , or if they perform specified duties under his direction , the nature of the u. n. will not of necessity change . END
the secretary general must have , subject to the constitutional direction of the security council and the general assembly , the power to act , to propose action and to organize action without being UNK by advisers and assistants acting on someone else's instructions . END
this is the root issue for which the united states should stand . END
we should not become confused or let our public become confused over irrelevant questions of number or even of geography . END
what we must have , if the united nations is to survive , is as UNK , UNK an organization at the top as human beings can make it , subject to no single nation's direction and UNK to no single nation's ambition . END
what the new charter does END
the new city charter , which should get a yes vote as question no. 1 on nov. 7 , would not make a good mayor out of a bad one . END
there is no such magic in man-made laws . END
but it would greatly strengthen any mayor's executive powers , remove the excuse in large degree that he is a captive of inaction in the board of estimate , increase his UNK authority both as to expense and capital budgets , and vest in him the right to UNK city departments in the interest of efficiency and economy . END
UNK power is removed from the board of estimate and made a partnership responsibility of the city council and the mayor . END
thus there is a clearer division of authority , administrative and legislative . END
the board is diminished in both respects , while it retains control over zoning , UNK , UNK UNK , sale , UNK and assignment of property , and other UNK functions . END
the board will be able to increase , decrease , add or eliminate budget items , subject to the mayor's veto ; ; END
but the city council will now share fully this UNK power . END
UNK of UNK veto on budget changes will require concurrence by board and council , and a two-thirds vote . END
the controller retains his essential `` fiscal UNK '' functions ; ; END
his broad but little used UNK powers are confirmed . END
he loses UNK tax collection duties , which go to the finance department . END
on net balance , in spite of controller UNK opposition to the new charter as an invasion of his office , the controller will have the opportunity for greater usefulness to good government than he has now . END
borough presidents , while retaining membership in the board of estimate , lose their housekeeping functions . END
highways go to a new department of highways , sewers to the department of public works , such street cleaning as borough presidents now do ( in queens and richmond ) to the sanitation department . END
some fiscal changes are important . END
the expense ( operating ) budget is to be a program budget , and red tape is cut to allow greater autonomy ( with the mayor UNK ) in fund transfers within a department . END
the capital budget , for construction of permanent improvements , becomes an UNK document instead of just a calendar of pious promises ; ; END
but , as a UNK safeguard , each new project must undergo a board of estimate public hearing before construction proceeds . END
a road block to desirable local or borough improvements , heretofore dependent on the UNK vote of taxpayers and hence a drag on progress , is removed by making these a charge against the whole city instead of an assessment paid by those immediately affected . END
this will have a beneficial effect by UNK public business ; ; END
it will also correct some UNK . END
enlargement of the city council and a new method of selecting members will be discussed tomorrow . END
the inter-american press association , which blankets the western hemisphere from northern canada to cape horn , is meeting in new york city this week for the first time in eleven years . END
the i. a. p. a. is a reflection of the problems and hopes of the hemisphere ; ; END
and in these days this inevitably means a concentration on the effects of the cuban revolution . END
as the press in cuba was gradually UNK by the castro regime , more and more cuban publishers , editors and correspondents were forced into exile . END
the i. a. p. a. found itself driven from journalism into politics as it did its best to bring about the downfall of the castro government and the return of the cuban press to the freedom it knew before UNK dictatorship began in 1952 . END
freedom of the press was lost in cuba because of decades of corruption and social UNK . END
in such conditions all UNK are lost . END
this , in more diplomatic language , is what adlai stevenson told the newspaper men of latin america yesterday on behalf of the united states government . END
he felt able to end on a note of hope . END
he sees evidence of fair winds for the UNK alliance for progress plan with its emphasis on social reforms . END
no group can contribute more to the success of the program than the editors and publishers of the inter-american press association . END
the UNK soviet communist party congress opens in moscow today in a situation contrasting sharply with the script prepared many months ago when this meeting was first announced . END
according to the original program , premier khrushchev expected the millions looking toward the kremlin this morning to be filled with admiration or rage -- depending upon individual or national politics -- because of the `` bold program for building communism in our time '' which the congress will adopt . END
but far from being concerned about whether or not russia will have achieved utopia by 1980 , the world is watching moscow today primarily for clues as to whether or not there will be nuclear UNK in the immediate future . END
the evident contradiction between the rosy picture of russia's progress painted by the communist party's program and the enormous dangers for all humanity posed by premier khrushchev's berlin policy has already led to UNK abroad that the program may be severely altered . END
whether it is or not , the propaganda impact on the free world of the document scheduled to be adopted at this meeting will be far less than had been originally anticipated . END
and there must be many soviet citizens who know what is going on and who realize that before they can hope to enjoy the full life promised for 1980 they and their children must first survive . END
this congress will see premier khrushchev UNK his power and laying the UNK for an orderly succession should death or illness remove him from the scene in the next few years . END
the widespread UNK that has taken place the past twelve months or so among communist leaders in the provinces gives assurance that the party officials who will dominate the congress , and the central committee it will elect , will all have passed the UNK possible khrushchev screening , both for loyalty to him and for competence and performance on the job . END
dr. UNK call to action END
dr. james b. conant has earned a nationwide reputation as a moderate and UNK school UNK . END
his earlier reports considered the american public schools basically sound and not in need of drastic change . END
now , a close look at the schools in and around the ten largest cities , including new york , has shattered this optimism . END
dr. conant has come away shocked and angry . END
his new book , entitled `` slums and suburbs '' , calls for fast and drastic action to UNK disaster . END
there is room for disagreement concerning some of dr. UNK specific views . END
his strong opposition to the transfer of negro children to schools outside their own neighborhood , in the interest of integration , will be attacked by negro leaders who have fought for , and achieved , this open or permissive enrollment . END
dr. conant may underestimate the psychological importance of even token equality . END
his suggestion that the prestige colleges be made the training institutions for medical , law and graduate schools will run into strong opposition from these colleges themselves -- even though what he is recommending is already taking shape as a trend . END
but these are side issues to a powerful central theme . END
that theme cuts through UNK , complacency and UNK . END
it UNK the slums , especially the negro slums , as UNK streets for hundreds of thousands of youngsters . END
the villains of the piece are those who deny job opportunities to these youngsters , and dr. conant UNK employers and labor unions alike . END
the facts , he adds , are hidden from public view by UNK objections to calling bad conditions by their right name and by insistence on token integration rather than on real improvement of the schools , regardless of the color of their students . END
a call for action `` before it is too late '' has UNK implications when it comes from a man who , in his previous reports on the schools , cautioned so strongly against extreme measures . END
these warnings must not be treated lightly . END
dr. UNK conscientious , UNK efforts deserve the nation's gratitude . END
he has served in positions of greater glamour , both at home and abroad ; ; END
but he may well be doing his greatest service with his straightforward report on the state of the public schools . END
and now -- more junk mail END
a fascinating letter has just reached this desk from a correspondent who likes to receive so-called junk mail . END
he was delighted to learn that the post office department is now going to expand this service to deliver mail from representatives in congress to their constituents without the use of stamps , names , addresses or even zone numbers . END
in accordance with legislation passed at the last session of congress , each representative is authorized to deliver to the post office in bulk UNK , speeches and other literature to be dropped in every letter box in his district . END
this means an added burden to innumerable UNK , who already are complaining of heavy loads and low pay , and it presumably means an increased postal deficit , but , our correspondent writes , think of the additional junk mail each citizen will now be privileged to receive on a regular basis . END
our UNK do not forget us END
letter writing is a dying art . END
occasional letters are sent by individuals to one another and many are written by companies to one another , but these are mostly UNK . END
most mail these days consists of nothing that could truly be called a letter . END
old , tired , trembling the woman came to the cannery . END
she had , she said , heard that the plant was closing . END
it couldn't close , she said . END
she had raised a calf , grown it UNK . END
she had , with her own UNK hands , put seeds in the ground , watched them UNK , bud , blossom , and get ready to bear . END
she was ready to kill the beef , dress it out , and with vegetables from her garden was going to can soup , UNK , UNK , and stew against the winter . END
she had done it last year , and the year before , and the year before that , and she , and her people were dependent upon these cans for food . END
this did not happen in counties of north georgia , where the rivers run and make rich the bottom land . END
nor in south georgia , where the summer sun shines warmly and gives early life to the things growing in the flat fields . END
this happened in UNK , dekalb county , not 10 miles from the heart of UNK atlanta . END
and now , the woman , tired and trembling , came here to the dekalb county cannery . END
`` is it so the cannery is going to close '' ? ? END
o. n. moss , 61 , tall , grey as a UNK , canning plant chief since 1946 , didn't know what to say . END
he did say she could get her beef and vegetables in cans this summer . END
he did say he was out of cans , the no. UNK , but `` i UNK UNK '' . END
he said he had no. UNK enough to last two weeks more . END
threat of closing the cannery is a recent one . END
a UNK committee has recommended to commission chairman charles o. UNK that the dekalb county cannery be closed . END
reason : the cannery loses $3,000 yearly . END
but dekalb citizens , those who use the facilities of the cannery , say the cannery is not supposed to make any money . END
`` the cannery '' , said mrs. UNK UNK , an active UNK of the cannery since its opening during the war and UNK years of 1941 , to handle the `` victory garden '' produce , `` is a service to the taxpayer . END
and one of the best services available to the people who try to raise and can meat , to plant , grow vegetables and put them up . END
it helps those people who help themselves . END
`` the county , though , seems more interested in those people who don't even try , those who sit and draw welfare checks and line up for surplus food '' . END
a driver of a dairy truck , who begins work at 1 a.m. UNK before breakfast , then goes out and grows a garden , and who has used the cannery to save and feed a family of five , asked , `` what in the world will we do '' ? ? END
`` what in the world '' , echoed others , those come with the beans , potatoes , the UNK , `` will any of us do '' ? ? END
moss , a man who knows how much the cannery helps the county , doesn't believe it will close . END
but he is in the middle , an UNK of dekalb , but on the side of the people . END
the young married people ; ; END
the dairy truck driver ; ; END
the old woman with the stew . END
`` don't ask me if i think the cannery helps '' , he said . END
`` sir , i know the cannery helps '' . END
most of us would be willing to admit that forgiveness comes hard . END
when a person has UNK or deliberately caused us pain or hardship it is not always easy to say , `` just forget it '' . END
there is one thing i know ; ; END
a person will never have spiritual poise and inner peace as long as the heart holds a grudge . END
i know a man who held resentment against a neighbor for more than three decades . END
several years ago i was his pastor . END
one night , at the close of the evening service , he came forward , left his resentment at the altar and gave his heart to god . END
after almost everyone had gone he told me the simple story of how one of his neighbors had moved a fence a few feet over on his land . END
`` we tried to settle this dispute '' , he said , `` but could never come to an agreement . END
i settled it tonight '' , he continued . END
`` i leave this church with a feeling that a great weight has been lifted off my heart , i have left my grudge at the altar and forgiven my neighbor '' . END
forgiveness is the door through which a person must pass to enter the kingdom of god . END
you cannot wear the banner of god and at the same time harbor envy , jealousy and UNK in your heart . END
henry van UNK said , `` forgive and forget if you can ; ; END
but forgive anyway '' . END
jesus made three things clear about forgiveness . END
we must , first of all , be willing to forgive others before we can secure god's forgiveness . END
`` for if ye forgive men their UNK , your heavenly father will also forgive you : but if ye forgive not men their UNK , neither will your father forgive -- your UNK '' . END
matthew 6 : UNK . END
it will do no good to seek god's forgiveness until we have forgiven those who have done us wrong . END
then , jesus indicated that god's forgiveness is unlimited . END
in the prayer jesus taught his disciples to pray we find these words , `` forgive us our debts '' . END
when a person meets god's requirements for the experience of forgiveness he is forgiven . END
god's mercy and patience will last forever . END
forgiveness implies more than a person wanting his past sins covered by god's love . END
it also implies that a man wants his future to be free from the mistakes of the past . END
we want the past forgiven , but at the same time we must be willing for god to direct the future . END
finally , we must be willing to forgive others as many times as they sin against us . END
once peter asked , `` how UNK shall my brother sin against me , and i forgive him ? ? END
till seven times ? ? END
jesus saith unto him , until seventy times seven '' . END
matthew 18 : UNK . END
jesus not only taught forgiveness , he gave us an example of it on the cross . END
with all the energy of his broken body he prayed , `` father , forgive them , for they know not what they do '' . END
she's been in and out of my house for a dozen years now , although she's still a UNK who looks like a baby , she is getting married . END
her mother , now dead , was my good friend and when she came to tell us about her plans and to show off her ring i had a UNK wish to say something meaningful to her , something her mother would wish said . END
for a while there was such shrill girlish commotion i couldn't have made myself heard if i'd had the equivalent of the message to UNK . END
but when some of the UNK had subsided and she had been through one of those sessions that are so indispensable to the young female -- six girls sprawled on one bed , drinking UNK and UNK -- she came back to the kitchen to talk with me a minute . END
`` how do you know you love somebody enough to get married '' ? ? END
it was the oldest and UNK question young lovers have ever asked : how can you be sure ? ? END
`` aren't you sure '' ? ? END
i asked , looking at her UNK . END
i wanted to grab her by the arm and beg her to wait , to consider , to know for certain because life is so long and marriage is so important . END
but if she were just having a normal case of UNK UNK such a question might frighten her out of a really good marriage . END
besides , in all honesty , i don't know how you can be sure . END
i don't know any secret recipe for certainty . END
in the UNK , UNK , breathless state of being in love the usual UNK that guide you to lasting and satisfying relationships are sometimes obscured . END
i knew of but one test and i threw it out to her for what it was worth . END
`` does he ever bore you '' ? ? END
`` bore me '' ? ? END
oh , UNK ! ! END
why , he's so darling and '' END
`` i mean '' , i went on UNK , `` when he's not talking about you or himself or the wonders of love , is he interesting ? ? END
does he care about things that matter to you ? ? END
can you UNK being stranded with him on a desert island for years and years and still find him fascinating ? ? END
because , honey , i thought silently , there are plenty of desert islands in every marriage -- long periods when you're hopelessly stranded , together . END
and if you bore each other then , heaven help you . END
she came back the other day to UNK me . END
she has studied and observed and she is convinced that her young man is going to be endlessly enchanting . END
she asked if i had other advice and , UNK with success , i rushed it in , i hope not too late . END
be friends with your UNK . END
jokes , cartoons and UNK to the contrary , UNK make good friends . END
i do not know dr. wilson UNK well . END
but i was deeply moved by his letter of resignation as rector of st. UNK church in atlanta . END
it was the cry of not just one heart ; ; END
it spoke for many in the clergy , i suspect . END
the pulpit is a lonely place . END
who stops to think of that ? ? END
imagine the searching and the prayer that lay behind the letter the rector wrote after almost a decade of service to this majestic church . END
`` such a church needs vigor and vitality in its rector and one man has only so much of these endowments '' , he told his members . END
a minister should not stay `` beyond the time that his leadership should benefit '' his church , he wrote , `` for he becomes ordinary . END
and so the young minister resigned , to go and study and pray , having never passed a day , he told his UNK , when `` i did not gain from you far more than i ever gave to you '' . END
his very honest act called up the recent talk i had with another minister , a modest methodist , who said : `` i feel so deeply blessed by god when i can give a message of love and comfort to other men , and i would have it no other way : and it is unworthy to think of self . END
but oh , how i do sometimes need just a moment of rest , and peace , in myself '' . END
a man who gives himself to god and to the believers of his church takes upon himself a life of giving . END
he does not expect to get great UNK or he would not have chosen to answer the call to preach . END
the good ones are not motivated to seek UNK , nor are they disposed to UNK comfort , or they would have been led to fields that offer comfort and feed vanity . END
theirs is a UNK life by earthly standards . END
yet we who lean upon such a man and draw strength from him and expect interpretation of the infinite through him -- we who readily accept his sacrifice as our due , we of the congregations are the first to tell him what is in our minds instead of listening to what is in his soul . END
we press him to conform to our comfortable conceptions and not to UNK our satisfactions with his word , and god's . END
we do not defeat the good ones with this cruelty , but we add to their burden , while expecting them to UNK UNK upon us in return for UNK church attendance and a few bucks a week , american cash . END
if we break the minister to our bit , we are buying back our own sins . END
if he won't break , we add to the stress he bears . END
and a minister of all men is most conscious that he is mere man -- prone to the stresses that earthly humanity is heir to . END
we expect him to be noble , and to make us so -- yet he knows , and tries to tell us , how very humble man must be . END
we expect bestowal of god's love through him . END
but how little love we give him . END
the church truly is not a rest home for saints , but a hospital for sinners . END
yet every sunday we sinners go to that emergency room to receive first aid , and we leave UNK that the man who UNK to us is a human being who suffers , too . END
mr. podger always particularly enjoyed the last night of each summer at UNK lake . END
the narrow fringe of sadness that ran around it only emphasized the pleasure . END
the evening was not always spent in the same way . END
this year , on a night cool with the front of september moving in , but with plenty of summer still about , the UNK were holding a neighborhood gathering in the UNK . END
the little cottage was bursting with people of all ages . END
in the midst of it all , mr. podger came out on the UNK porch , alone . END
he had that day attended a country auction , and he had come back with a prize . END
the prize was an old-fashioned , woven cloth hammock , complete with UNK pillow , fringed side pieces , and UNK for hanging . END
mrs. podger had UNK pushed things around on the porch to make room for it , and there it was , UNK in a UNK corner , the night breeze UNK its fringe with a slow , caressing movement . END
mr. podger sat down in it , pushed himself back and forth in one or two slow , rhythmic motions , and then swung his feet up into it . END
he closed his eyes and let the UNK drift of voices sweep pleasantly over him . END
suddenly one young voice rose above the others . END
`` but '' , it said , `` do you always know when you're happy '' ? ? END
the voice sank back into the general tangle of sound , but the question stayed in mr. UNK mind . END
here , in the cool , UNK evening , mr. podger mentally UNK a day that had left him greatly contented and at peace . END
it had begun with the blue jay feather . END
walking along the lake before breakfast , mr. podger had seen the feather , and the bird that had lost it in flight . END
the UNK spread of blue had gone on , calling harshly , into the wood . END
the small shaft of blue had drifted down and come to rest at his feet . END
all day long mr. podger , who was a UNK man in the summer , had worn the feather in the band of his UNK UNK . END
would a blue feather in a man's hat make him happy all day ? ? END
but it was something to have seen it floating down through the early morning sunshine , linking the blue of the sky with the blue of the UNK by the lake . END
then , since the auction was being held nearby , he had walked to it . END
and there , on the way , had been the box turtle , that slow , self-contained , UNK relic of UNK , bent , for reasons best known to itself , on crossing the road . END
it was doing very well , too , having reached the center , and was pursuing its way with commendable UNK of purpose when mr. podger saw hazard approaching in the shape of a UNK little sports car . END
would the driver see the turtle ? ? END
would he take pains to avoid it ? ? END
mr. podger took no chances . END
taking off his hat and signaling the driver with it , mr. podger stepped into the road , lifted the surprised turtle and consummated its UNK with what must have been a UNK UNK . END
the turtle immediately withdrew into its private council room to study the phenomenon . END
but mr. podger and the driver of the sports car waved at each other . END
here in the cool darkness mr. podger could still feel the warmth of midday , could still see the yellow UNK dancing over the road , could still see the friendly grin on the young , UNK face as the driver looked back over his shoulder for a moment before the car streaked out of sight . END
where was the driver now ? ? END
what was he doing ? ? END
and the turtle ? ? END
for a few brief minutes they had all been part of one little drama . END
the three would never meet again , but for some reason or other mr. podger was sure he would always remember the incident . END
then there had been the auction itself . END
mr. podger heard again ; ; END
at will , the voice of the UNK , the voices of the UNK , and finally the small boy who had been so interested in mr. UNK hammock purchase . END
`` i like them things , too '' , he had said . END
`` we got one at home . END
you know what ? ? END
if you're UNK out in the hammock at night , and it gets kinda cool -- you know -- you just take these sides with the fringe on -- see -- and wrap 'em right over you . END
i do it , lots o' times -- i like to lie in a hammock at night , by myself , when it's all quiet . END
the wind moves it a little bit -- you know . END
mr. podger had thanked him gravely , and now he made use of the advice . END
as he pulled the fringed sides up and made himself into a UNK , mr. podger saw that thin , attractive , UNK little face again , and hoped that the boy , too , was lying in a cool , UNK quiet . END
UNK , the podger cat , came by the hammock , rubbed her back briefly against it , and then , sure of a welcome , hopped up . END
she remarked that she found the night wind a little chilly , and mr. podger took her inside the fringe . END
soon her UNK UNK the UNK of the tree UNK , UNK the hum of voices from inside the UNK . END
mr. podger was just adding this to his pictures of the day when the screen door opened and pam burst out . END
`` dad '' ! ! END
`` it's getting so chilly we've lighted a fire , and we're going to tell a round UNK story -- a nice , UNK one . END
we need you to start it . END
why are you out here all by yourself ? ? END
aren't you happy '' ? ? END
mr. podger opened his UNK and emerged , UNK UNK under his arm to bring her in by the fire . END
`` of course i am '' , he said . END
`` never happier in my life . END
i just came out here to know it '' . END
as the south begins another school year , national and even world attention is directed at the UNK slow progress toward racial equality in the public schools . END
desegregation is beginning in two more important southern cities -- dallas and atlanta . END
in each city civic and education leaders have been working hard to get public opinion prepared to accept the UNK of equal treatment . END
these programs emphasize the acceptance of UNK classrooms peacefully . END
the programs do not take sides on the issue itself . END
they point out simply that `` it is the law of the land '' . END
the two cities have the examples of little rock and new orleans to hold up as warnings against UNK to violence to try to stop the processes of desegregation . END
even better , they have the examples of nashville and houston to hold up as peaceful and progressive programs . END
in each case there was an initial act of violence . END
in nashville , a school was UNK . END
in houston , there were a few incidents of friction between whites and negroes , none of which were serious . END
in each city quick public reaction and fast action by the city government halted the threats of more serious incidents . END
the nashville plan , incidentally , has become recognized as perhaps the most acceptable and thus the most practical to put into effect in the troubled south . END
it is a `` UNK '' plan , in which desegregation begins in the first grade . END
each year another grade is added to the process , until finally all 12 grades are integrated . END
the schedules are flexible so that the program can be accelerated as the public becomes more tolerant or UNK that it is something that has to be done , `` so why not now '' . END
the program has worked well in both nashville and houston . END
it met a serious rebuff in new orleans , where the two schools selected for the first moves toward integration were UNK by white parents . END
another attempt will be made this year in new orleans to resume the program . END
generally , throughout the south , there is a growing impatience with the pattern of violence with which every step of desegregation is met . END
perhaps the most eloquent move toward removal of racial barriers has been in dallas . END
during the summer , negroes began quietly UNK previously segregated restaurants and lunch counters in downtown retail establishments . END
it was part of a UNK move toward full integration . END
so successful has been this program , worked out by white and negro civic leaders , that further extensions are expected in the next few months . END
hotels , for example , are ready to let down the bars . END
already , at least one hotel has been quietly taking reservations on a UNK basis . END
several conventions have been held in recent months in hotels on a UNK basis . END
this is a radical change in attitude from the conditions which prevailed several years ago , when a series of UNK was directed against negroes who were moving into previously all-white neighborhoods of dallas . END
it is also symptomatic of a change in attitude which appears to be spreading all across the south . END
southern whites themselves are realizing that they had been wrong in using violence to try to stop negroes from claiming equal rights . END
they insist they are ashamed of such violence and intimidation as occurred in alabama when the freedom riders sought to break down racial discrimination in local bus UNK . END
all across the south there are signs that racial violence is finding less approval among whites who themselves would never take active part but might once have shown a tolerant attitude toward it . END
there are many causes for this change . END
one of the most important is economic . END
business leaders are aware now that they suffer greatly from any UNK of violence . END
they are putting strong pressure on their police departments to keep order . END
in the past these same southerners were inclined to look the other way . END
and as the businessmen have begun to act , a real sense of co-operation has sprung up . END
this co-operation has UNK other southern whites to add their voices to demands for UNK UNK . END
they realize that by acting in concert , rather than individually , they will not be picked out as objects of retaliation -- economic and otherwise . END
since moving from a chicago suburb to southern california a few months ago , i've been introduced to a new game called UNK . END
played mostly on the freeways around los angeles , it goes like this : END
a driver cruising easily at 70 m.p.h. in lane a of a UNK freeway UNK an incipient traffic jam ahead . END
traffic in the next lane appears to be moving more smoothly so he UNK a tentative fender into lane b , which is heavily populated by cars also moving at 70 m.p.h. . END
the adjacent driver in lane b has three choices open to him . END
he can ( 1 ) point his car UNK at the UNK fender and force the other driver back into lane a ; ; END
( 2 ) slow down and permit the ambivalent driver to change lanes ; ; END
or ( 3 ) alternately accelerate and UNK , thus keeping the first driver guessing as to his intentions , thereby making a fascinating sport of the whole affair . END
the really remarkable thing to me is that most california natives UNK elect to slow down and permit the UNK car free access . END
whether or not this is done out of enlightened UNK , i don't know . END
but it is done , consistently and i'm both surprised and impressed . END
this could never happen in my native chicago . END
there such UNK UNK would be looked upon as a sure sign of UNK manhood . END
in chicago , the driver cut out would likely jam his gas pedal to the floor in an effort to force the other car back . END
failing this , he would pull alongside at the first opportunity and shake his fist UNK . END
this negative explanation of courtesy on the freeways , however , does an injustice to southern california drivers . END
at the risk of losing my UNK at marshall field and company , i would like to challenge an old and UNK stereotype . END
after three months of research , i can state unequivocally that los angeles drivers are considerably more courteous and competent than any other drivers i've ever encountered . END
during one recent day of driving about los angeles there were actually a dozen occasions when UNK drivers stopped an entire lane of traffic to permit me to pull out of an impossible side street . END
miami , fla. , march 17 . END
an out-of-town writer came up to paul richards today and asked the oriole manager if he thought his ball club would be improved this year . END
now richards , of course , is known as a deep thinker as baseball managers go . END
he can often make the complex UNK simple , and vice versa . END
this happened to be vice versa , but even so , the answer was a masterpiece . END
`` it's a whole lot easier '' , he said , `` to increase the population of nevada , than it is to increase the population of new york city '' . END
and with that he walked off to give instruction to a rookie pitcher . END
`` that is undoubtedly a hell of a quote '' , said the writer , scratching his head . END
`` now , if i can just figure out what he's talking about , i'll use it '' . END
this was just richard's way of saying that last year the birds opened spring training with a lot of jobs wide open . END
some brilliant rookies nailed them down , so that this spring just two spots , left and right field , are really up for UNK . END
it should be easier to plug two spots than it was to fill the wholesale lots that were open last year , but so far it hasn't worked that way . END
this angle of just where the orioles can look for improvement this year is an interesting one . END
you'd never guess it from the way they've played so far this spring , but there remains a feeling among some around here that the orioles still have a chance to battle for the pennant in 1961 . END
obviously , if this club is going to move from second to first in the american league , it will have to show improvement someplace . END
where can that improvement possibly come from ? ? END
you certainly can't expect the infield to do any better than it did last year . END
brooks robinson is great , and it is conceivable that he'll do even better in 1961 than he did in 1960 . END
you can't expect it , though . END
UNK performance last year was tremendous . END
it's the same with ron hansen and jim gentile . END
if they do as well as they did in 1960 there can be no complaint . END
they shouldn't be asked to carry any more of the burden . END
hansen will be getting a late spring training start , which might very well set him back . END
he got off to an exceptional start last season , and under the circumstances probably won't duplicate it . END
there are some clubs which claim they learned something about pitching to him last year . END
they don't expect to stop him , just slow him down some with the bat . END
he'll still be a top player , they concede , because he's got a great glove and the long ball going for him . END
but they expect to reduce his over-all offensive production . END
gentile can hardly do better than drive in UNK runs . END
don't ask him more . END
i have a hunch UNK breeding might move up a notch . END
but even so , he had a good year in 1960 and won't do too much better . END
so , all in all , the infield can't be expected to supply the added improvement to propel the birds from second to first . END
and the pitching will also have trouble doing better . END
richards got a great performance out of his combination of youth and experience last season . END
where , then , can we look for improvement ? ? END
`` from UNK , brandt and walker '' , answers richards . END
`` they're the ones we can expect to do better '' . END
the man is right , and at this time , indications are that these three are ready for better seasons . END
UNK hasn't proved it yet , but he says he's convinced his thumb is all right . END
he jammed it this spring and has had to rest it , but he says the old injury hasn't bothered him . END
if he can bounce back with one of those 25 home runs years , the club will have to be better off UNK . END
i'm still not convinced , though , i'll have to see more of him before predicting that big year for him . END
hank UNK , backed up by frank house who will be within calling distance in the minors , make up better second line catching than the birds had all last year , but UNK is still that big man you need when you start talking pennant . END
to me , brandt looks as though he could be in for a fine year . END
he hasn't played too much , because richards has been working on him furiously in batting practice . END
he's hitting the ball hard , in the batting cage , and his whole attitude is improved over this time last year . END
when he came to baltimore , he was leaving a team which was supposed to win the national league pennant , and he was joining what seemed to be a second division american league club . END
he was down , hard to talk to , and far too UNK on the field . END
as of now , that all seems behind him . END
he's been entirely different all spring . END
and walker looks stronger , seems to be throwing better than he did last year . END
let him bounce back , and he could really set up the staff . END
so , if the orioles are to improve , brandt , UNK and walker will have to do it . END
so far the UNK on left and right UNK don't seem capable of carrying the load . END
of course , this isn't taking into consideration the population of nevada and new york city , but it's the way things look from here at this point . END
is the mother of an `` autistic '' child at fault ? ? END
( the `` autistic '' child is one who seems to lack a UNK sense of self . END
he tends to treat himself and other people as if they were objects -- and sometimes he treats objects as if they were people . END
) did his mother make him this way ? ? END
some people believe she did . END
we believe that UNK , like so many other conditions of UNK and deviation , is to a large extent UNK . END
a mother can help a child adapt to his difficulties . END
sometimes she can -- to a large extent -- help him overcome them . END
but we don't think she creates them . END
we don't think she can make her child defective , emotionally disturbed or autistic . END
the mother of a difficult child can do a great deal to help her own child and often , by sharing her experiences , she can help other mothers with the same problem . END
since little is known about UNK , and almost nothing has been written for the UNK , we'd like to share one experienced mother's comments . END
as the mother of an autistic child who is lacking in interest and enthusiasm about almost anything , i have to manipulate my son's fingers for him when he first plays with a new toy . END
he wants me to do everything for him . END
`` you don't believe that autistic children become autistic because of something that happens to them or because of the way their mother treats them . END
but i do and my psychiatrist does , too . END
i know , that my son wants control and direction , but being autistic myself i cannot give full control or direction . END
`` one thing i notice which i have seldom heard mentioned . END
this is that autistic people don't enjoy physical contact with others -- for instance , my children and i . END
when i hold my son he UNK his whole body in my arms until he is as straight and stiff as a board . END
he UNK and UNK himself as if he can't stand the feeling of being held . END
physical contact is uncomfortable for him '' ! ! END
this mother is quite correct . END
as a rule , the autistic child doesn't enjoy physical contact with others . END
parents have to find other ways of comforting him . END
for the young child this may be no more than providing food , light or movement . END
as he grows older it may be a matter of providing some accustomed object ( his `` magic '' thing ) . END
or certain words or rituals that child and adult go through may do the trick . END
the answer is different for each autistic child , but for most there is an answer . END
only ingenuity will uncover it . END
`` dear doctors : we learned this year that our older son , daniel , is autistic . END
we did not accept the diagnosis at once , but gradually we are coming to . END
fortunately , there is a nursery school which he has been able to attend , with a group of normal children . END
`` i try to treat daniel as if he were normal , though of course i realize he is far from that at present . END
what i do is to try to bring him into contact with reality as much as possible . END
i try to give him as many normal experiences as possible . END
`` what is your experience with autistic children ? ? END
how do they turn out later '' ? ? END
many autistic children grow up to lead relatively normal lives . END
certainly , most continue to lack a certain warmth in communication with other people , but many adjust to school , even college , to jobs and even to marriage and parenthood . END
-- a first UNK colors pictures one solid color , everything -- sky , grass , boy , wagon , etc. . END
when different colors are used , she is just as likely to color trees purple , hair green , etc. . END
the other children in the class use this same coloring book and do a fairly good job with things their proper color . END
should i show my daughter how things should be colored ? ? END
she is an aggressive , nervous child . END
is a relaxed home atmosphere enough to help her outgrow these traits ? ? END
-- her choice of one color means she is simply enjoying the motor act of coloring , without having reached the point of selecting suitable colors for different objects . END
this immature use of UNK may suggest that she is a little immature for the first grade . END
no , coloring isn't exactly something you teach a child . END
you sometimes give them a little demonstration , a little guidance , and suggestions about staying inside the lines . END
but most learn to color and paint as and when they are ready with only a very little demonstration . END
seen in decorating circles of late is a renewed interest in an old art : embroidery . END
possibly responsible for this is the incoming trend toward UNK schemes in rooms , which seems UNK to replace the UNK look to which we have been accustomed . END
just as a UNK oriental rug may suggest the starting point for a room scheme , so may some of the newest versions of embroidery . END
one such , in fact , is a rug . END
though not actually UNK embroidery , it has that look with its UNK raised pattern in blue , pink , bronze and gold and a UNK background . END
the UNK , UNK design of winding stems and UNK forms strongly suggests the embroidered patterns used so extensively for UNK during the UNK period in england . END
traditional UNK embroidery which seems to be appearing more frequently this fall than in the past few years is still available in this country . END
the work is executed in england ( by hand ) and can be worked in any desired design and color . END
among some recent imports were seat covers for one series of dining room chairs on which were depicted salad plates UNK with UNK and greens and another set on which a pineapple was worked in naturalistic color . END
for a particularly fabulous room which houses a collection of fine english UNK furniture , fabric wall panels were embroidered with a typically UNK design of this revered eighteenth century period . END
since the work is done by hand , the only limitation , it is said , `` is that of human conception '' . END
modern embroidered panels , framed and meant to be hung on the wall , are another aspect of this trend . END
these have never gone out of style in UNK homes and now seem to be UNK here and there in shops which UNK in UNK . END
an amateur decorator might try her hand at a pair during the long winter evenings , and , by picking up her living room color scheme , add a decorative do-it-yourself note to the room . END
california democrats this weekend will take the UNK off a 1962 model statewide campaign vehicle which they have been quietly assembling in a thousand district headquarters , party UNK and UNK UNK . END
they seem darned proud of it . END
and they're confident that the gop , currently assailed by UNK within the ranks , will be impressed by the UNK power beneath the hood of this UNK machine . END
their meeting at san francisco is UNK scheduled as a conference of the california democratic council directorate . END
but it will include UNK UNK , organization leaders and `` interested party people '' . END
out of this session may come : 1 END
-- plans for a dramatic , UNK party rally in los angeles next december that would enlist UNK democrats from all over the country . END
-- UNK for doubling the UNK present UNK enrollment . END
-- arrangements for a statewide UNK UNK convention in UNK next jan. UNK . END
-- and proposals for a whole series of lesser UNK conventions in the state's 38 new congressional districts . END
at the head of the cdc is an unorthodox , UNK amateur UNK , thomas b. carvey jr. , whose normal profession is helping develop hughes UNK moon missiles . END
he's approached his democratic duties in UNK engineering fashion . END
viewed from UNK , the cdc looks like a rather stalwart political UNK : its elected directorate fans out into an array of district leaders and standing committees , and thence into its component clubs and affiliated groups -- 500 or so . END
much of its strength stems from the comfortable knowledge that every `` volunteer '' democratic organization of any consequence belongs to the aj . END
moreover , the entire state democratic hierarchy , from gov. brown on down to the county chairmen , also participates in this huge operation . END
UNK , republican `` volunteers '' go their separate ways , and thus far have given no indication that they'd be willing to join forces under a single directorate , except in the most UNK fashion . END
carvey believes that UNK , which left many democratic clubs split by these new district boundaries , actually will increase cdc membership . END
where only one club existed before , he says , two will flourish henceforth . END
biggest organizational problem , he adds , is setting up cdc units in UNK democratic territory . END
paradoxically the council is UNK in areas that register UNK and UNK in the party's favor , strongest where democrats and republicans compete on a fairly even basis . END
like most democratic spokesmen , carvey UNK 1962 will be a tremendously `` partisan year '' . END
hence the attention they're UNK on the aj . END
in all probability , the council will screen and endorse candidates for the assembly and for congress , and then strive to put its full weight behind these UNK favorites . END
this UNK heated contests in several districts where claims have already been UNK out by democratic UNK who don't see UNK with the aj . END
naturally , the statewide races will provide the major test for the expanding council . END
UNK aside by the rampant UNK for john f. kennedy last year , who relegated it to a somewhat subordinate role in the presidential campaign , the cdc plainly intends to provide the party's campaign muscle in 1962 . END
there is evidence that it will be happily received by gov. brown and the other constitutional UNK . END
carvey considers that former vice president nixon would be brown's most formidable foe , with UNK knight a close second . END
but the rest of the gop gubernatorial UNK don't worry him very much . END
in his cdc work , carvey has the UNK support and advice of one of UNK UNK political strategists : former democratic national UNK paul UNK , who backed him over a UNK candidate UNK by atty. gen. stanley UNK . END
( significantly , bitter echoes of the 1960 power struggle that saw UNK moving into the national committee post over UNK are still audible in party circles . END
note : we've just received an announcement of the UNK assembly district UNK organizing convention wednesday night in south UNK war memorial UNK , which UNK illustrates the UNK broad appeal . END
state sen. dick richards will keynote ; ; END
state and county committeemen , cdc directors and representatives , members of 16 area clubs , and `` all residents '' have been invited . END
this is going to be a language lesson , and you can master it in a few minutes . END
it is a short course in communese . END
it works with english , russian , german , hungarian or almost any other foreign tongue . END
once you learn how to translate communese , much of each day's deluge of news will become clearer . END
at least , i have found it so . END
for some compulsive reason which would have fascinated dr. freud , communists of all shapes and sizes almost invariably UNK to others the very motives which they harbor themselves . END
they accuse their enemies of precisely the crimes of which they themselves are most guilty . END
president kennedy's latest warning to the communist world that the united states will build up its military strength to meet any challenge in berlin or elsewhere was , somewhat surprisingly , reported in full text or fairly accurate excerpts behind the iron curtain . END
then the communese reply came back from many UNK with striking consistency . END
moscow radio from the literary gazette in english to england : END
`` president kennedy once again interpreted the soviet proposals , to sign a peace treaty with germany as a threat , as part of the world menace allegedly looming over the countries of capitalism . END
evidently the war drum beating and hysteria so UNK being stirred up in the west have been planned long in advance . END
the west berlin crisis is being played up artificially because it is needed by the united states to justify its arms drive '' . END
the soviet news agency tass datelined from new york in english to europe : END
`` president kennedy's enlargement of the american military program was welcomed on wall street as a stimulus to the american UNK industry . END
when the stock exchange opened this morning , many dealers were quick to purchase shares in douglas , UNK and united aircraft and prices rose substantially . END
over 4 million shares were sold , the highest figures since early june . END
( quotations follow '' . END
tass datelined los angeles , in english to europe : END
`` former vice president nixon came out in support of president kennedy's program for stepping up the arms race . END
he also demanded that kennedy take additional measures to increase international tension : specifically to crush the cuban revolution , resume nuclear testing , resist more vigorously admission of china to its UNK seat in the united nations , and postpone UNK programs at home '' . END
tass from moscow in english to europe : END
`` the american press UNK for many days promising president kennedy would reply to the most vital domestic and foreign problems confronting the united states . END
in fact , the world heard nothing but UNK , the same exercises which proved futile for the predecessors of the current president . END
if there were no west berlin problem , UNK quarters would have invented an excuse for stepping up the armaments race to try to solve the internal and external problems UNK the united states and its nato partners . END
washington apparently decided to use an old formula , by injecting large military appropriations to speed the slow revival of the u.s. economy after a prolonged slump '' . END
and now , for communist listeners and readers : END
moscow radio in russian to the ussr : END
`` the u.s. president has shown once again that the united states needs the fanning of the west berlin crisis to justify the armaments race . END
as was to be expected kennedy's latest speech was greeted with enthusiasm by UNK circles in bonn , where officials of the west german government praised it '' . END
moscow UNK article in russian , datelined london : END
`` u.s. pressure on britain to foster war hysteria over the status of west berlin has reached its UNK . END
british common sense is proverbial . END
the present attempts of the politicians to UNK ordinary UNK shows that this british common sense is unwilling to pull somebody else's UNK out of the fire by new military adventures '' . END
east berlin ( communist ) radio in german to germany : END
`` a better position for negotiations is the real point of this speech . END
kennedy knows the west will not wage war for west berlin , neither conventional nor nuclear , and negotiations will come as certainly as the peace treaty . END
whenever some washington circles were really ready for talks to eliminate friction they have always succumbed to pressure from the war UNK in the pentagon and in bonn . END
in kennedy's speech are cross currents , sensible ones and senseless ones , reflecting the great struggle of opinions between the president's advisers and the political and economic forces behind them . END
well , dear listeners , despite all the shouting , there will be no war over west berlin '' . END
moscow tass in russian datelined UNK : END
`` chairman khrushchev received the u.s. president's disarmament adviser , john UNK . END
their conversation and dinner passed in a warm and friendly atmosphere '' . END
now , to translate from the communese , this means : END
the `` west berlin '' crisis is really an east berlin crisis . END
the crisis was artificially stirred up by the kremlin ( wall street ) and the red army ( pentagon ) UNK on by the west germans ( east germans ) . END
the reason was to speed up domestic production in the ussr , which khrushchev promised upon grabbing power , and try to end the permanent recession in russian living standards . END
chairman khrushchev ( kennedy ) UNK his rockets ( UNK ) in order to cure his internal ills and to strengthen his negotiating position . END
his advisers in the UNK ( white house ) are engaged in a great struggle of opinions , so he is not always consistent . END
the soviet union will fight neither a conventional nor a nuclear war over berlin , and neither will its warsaw pact allies . END
the west has no intention of attacking russia . END
chairman khrushchev and john UNK had a terrible row at UNK . END
see , communese is easy -- once you get onto it . END
aug. 4 , 1821 , nearly a century after benjamin franklin founded the pennsylvania gazette -- a century during which it had undergone several changes in ownership and a few brief UNK in publication -- this paper made its first appearance as the saturday evening post . END
the country was now full of UNK and samuel c. UNK and charles alexander , who had just taken over UNK old paper , desired a more distinctive name . END
when founded by franklin the gazette was a weekly family newspaper and under its new name its format remained that of a newspaper but its columns gradually contained more and more fiction , poetry , and literary essays . END
in the middle of the century , with a circulation of UNK , the post was one of the most popular UNK in the country . END
but during the second half of the century its fortunes reached a low point and when in UNK cyrus h. k. UNK purchased it -- `` paper , type , and all '' -- for $1,000 it was a UNK weekly filled with UNK fiction and UNK UNK , and with only some 2,000 subscribers . END
little more than a fine old name , valuable principally because of the franklin tradition , the saturday evening post was slow to revive . END
but UNK poured over $1 million into it and in time it again became one of the most popular UNK of the country . END
`` remember the french railroad UNK who was going to take me floating down the UNK '' ? ? END
`` remember the night will rogers filled a tooth for me between numbers '' ? ? END
`` sure , we met a barrel of rich men but it's hard to find the real thing when you're young , beautiful and the toast of two continents '' `` remember UNK UNK promised my mother she would look after me on the road '' ? ? END
all this remembering took place the other night when i had supper with the UNK girls at the beverly hills club . END
a quarter of a century has gone by since this UNK of walking dreams UNK up and down the UNK of the old new UNK theater , n.y. . END
but watching mrs. UNK ring , UNK dalton janssen , mrs. robert UNK , mrs. walter adams order UNK UNK , no bread , i could see the UNK girls of 1920 were determined to be glamorous UNK of 1961 . END
i was anxious to hear about those dazzling days on the great white way . END
all i could remember was UNK dove pasted over the ceiling of my big brother's room . END
`` UNK was really beautiful '' ! ! END
exclaimed UNK forbes adams , batting lovely big eyes behind glitter UNK glasses . END
sing UNK prisoner strike was motivated by a reasonable purpose , a fair break from parole boards . END
but once the strike trend hits UNK , there is no telling how far it may go . END
inmates might even demand the UNK week , all holidays off and fringe benefits including state contributions toward UNK fees . END
some day we might see a federation of prison and jail inmates , with a leader busily trying to organize UNK occupants , defendants out on bail , convicts opposed to probation officers , etc. . END
a UNK confinement week , with a UNK vacation and shorter hours all around could be an ultimate demand from cell occupants of the nation , with fringe benefits including : 1 . END
wider space between iron bars and agreement by prison boards to substitute rubber in 20 per cent of metal . END
an agreement allowing convicts to pass on type of locks used on prison doors . END
in case of a deadlock between prison boards and inmates , a federal UNK board to include a `` UNK '' and two UNK should decide the issue . END
specific broadening of travel rights . END
the right to leave the UNK any time to see a lawyer instead of waiting for a lawyer to make a trip to the prison . END
recognition of prisoners union rule that no member of an iron or steel workers union be permitted to repair a UNK bar without approval and participation of representative of the cell occupant . END
no warden or guard to touch lock , key or UNK except when accompanied by a UNK committee with powers of veto . END
state and federal approval of right to walk out at any time when so voted by 51 per cent of the prisoners . END
the death of harold a. stevens , oldest of the stevens brothers , famed operators of baseball , football and race track concessions , revived again the story of one of the greatest business successes in history . END
harold , with brothers frank , joe and william , took over at the death of their father , harry m. stevens , who put a few dollars into a baseball program , introduced the `` hot dog '' and paved the way for creation of a UNK empire . END
family UNK and cooperative work have been unbroken for generations . END
ibm has a machine that can understand spoken words and talk back . END
nevertheless , it will seem funny to have to send for a mechanic to improve conversation . END
UNK `` aristotle contemplating bust of homer '' brought UNK at auction the other night . END
both aristotle and homer may in spirit be contemplating `` bust '' of the old-fashioned american dollar . END
the owner of the painting got it for UNK , sold it for UNK in a market crash , and bought it back for UNK . END
apologies are in order from anybody who said , `` are you sure you're not making a mistake '' ? ? END
`` wagon train '' is reported the no. 1 tv show . END
after all , where else can the public see a wagon these days ? ? END
UNK UNK book , `` mr. UNK elegant palace car '' , fills us with nostalgia , recalling days when private cars and UNK were extra wonderful , with fine woodwork , craftsmanship in construction , deep carpets and durable UNK . END
beebe tells of one private car that has gold plumbing . END
jay UNK kept a cow on one UNK . END
-- rep. frelinghuysen , UNK UNK , had a special reason for attending the reception at the korean embassy for gen. UNK UNK park , the new leader of south korea . END
not only is mr. frelinghuysen a member of the house foreign affairs committee , but he is the grandson of the man who was instrumental in opening relations between the united states and korea , frederick t. frelinghuysen , secretary of state in the administration of chester a. arthur . END
in addition rep. UNK brother harry was on the korean desk of the state department in world war 2 . END
next year is the UNK anniversary of the signing of the treaty between korea and the united states and experts in UNK are trying to find the correspondence between frederick frelinghuysen , who was secretary of state in 1883 and UNK , and gen. UNK UNK , who was the first minister to korea . END
they enlisted the help of the new jersey congressman , who has been able to trace the letters to the national archives , where they are available on UNK . END
a top official of the new frontier who kept a record of his first weeks on the job here gives this report of his experiences : END
in his first six weeks in office he UNK over 96 conferences , attended 35 official UNK and dinners , studied and signed UNK official papers and personally took UNK telephone calls . END
in addition , he said , he has answered more than 400 messages of congratulations which led him to the comment that he himself had decided he wouldn't send another UNK message for the rest of his life . END
sen. case aj , has received a nice `` thank you '' note from a youngster he appointed to the air force academy in colorado . END
air force life is great , the cadet wrote , `` though the UNK system is no fun '' . END
he invited mr. case to stop by to say hello if he ever visited the academy and then added that he was on the managerial staff of the freshman football team END
`` we have just returned from UNK , UNK , where we were defeated , 34 to 9 '' , the young man noted . END
`` we have a tremendous amount of talent -- but we lack cohesion '' . END
among the many stories about the late speaker rayburn is one from rep. UNK , UNK UNK . END
mrs. UNK husband , m. joseph UNK , was taking a 10-year-old boy from union county on the tour of the capitol during the final weeks of the last session . END
they ran across mr. rayburn and the youngster expressed a desire to get the speaker's UNK . END
mr. UNK said that although it was obvious that mr. rayburn was not well he stopped , gave the youngster his UNK , asked where he was from and expressed the hope that he would enjoy his visit to congress . END
two days later mr. rayburn left washington for the last time . END
the UNK anniversary of the king james bible is being celebrated simultaneously with the publishing today of the new testament , the first part of the new english bible , undertaken as a new translation of the scriptures into contemporary english . END
since it was issued in the spring of UNK , the king james version has been most generally considered the most poetic and beautiful of all UNK of the bible . END
however , biblical scholars frequently attested to its numerous UNK , as old manuscripts were uncovered and scholarship advanced . END
this resulted in revisions of the king james bible in UNK as the english revised version and in 1901 as the american standard version . END
then in 1937 america's international council of religious education authorized a new revision , in the light of expanded knowledge of ancient manuscripts and languages . END
undertaken by 32 american scholars , under the UNK of rev. dr. luther a. UNK , former dean of yale university divinity school , their studies resulted in the publishing of the revised standard version , UNK . END
the new english bible ( the old testament and UNK will be published at a future date ) has not been planned to rival or replace the king james version , but , as its cover states , it is offered `` simply as the bible to all those who will use it in reading , teaching , or worship '' . END
time , of course will testify whether the new version will have achieved its purpose . END
bible reading , even more so than good classical music , grows in depth and meaning upon repetition . END
if this new bible does not increase in significance by repeated readings throughout the years , it will not survive the ages as has the king james version . END
however , an initial UNK and comparison of some of the famous passages with the same parts of other versions seems to speak well of the efforts of the british biblical scholars . END
one is impressed with the dignity , clarity and beauty of this new translation into contemporary english , and there is no doubt that the meaning of the bible is more easily understandable to the general reader in contemporary language in the frequently archaic words and phrases of the king james . END
for example , in the third chapter of matthew , verses UNK , describing the baptism of jesus , the UNK version reads : END
`` then UNK jesus from UNK to jordan unto john , to be baptized of him . END
`` but john UNK him , saying , i have need to be baptized of thee , and UNK thou to me ? ? END
`` and jesus answering said unto him , suffer it to be so now : for thus it UNK us to fulfill all righteousness . END
then he suffered him . END
`` and jesus , when he was baptized went up UNK out of the water : and lo , the heavens were opened unto him , and he saw the spirit of god descending like a dove , and lighting upon him '' . END
certainly , the meaning is clearer to one who is not familiar with biblical teachings , in the new english bible which reads : `` then jesus arrived at jordan from UNK , and he came to john to be baptized by him . END
john tried to UNK him . END
' do you come to me ' ? ? END
' i need rather to be baptized by you . END
jesus replied , ' let it be so for the present ; ; END
we do well to conform this way with all that god requires . END
john then allowed him to come . END
after baptism jesus came up out of the water at once , and at that moment heaven opened ; ; END
he saw the spirit of god descending like a dove to UNK upon him '' ; ; END
( the UNK , spelling and UNK are reproduced as printed in each version . END
among the most frequently quoted biblical sentences are the UNK and yet so few persons , other than scholars , really understand the true meaning of these eight UNK uttered by jesus at the beginning of the sermon on the mount . END
to illustrate , the first blessing in the king james bible reads : `` blessed are the poor in spirit ; ; END
for UNK is the kingdom of heaven '' . END
the new version states : `` how UNK are those who know that they are poor ; ; END
the kingdom of heaven is theirs '' . END
some of the poetic UNK of the older version certainly is lost in the newer one , but almost anyone , with a fair knowledge of the english language , can understand the meaning , without the necessity of interpretation by a biblical scholar . END
to a UNK that is significant . END
in the second and third chapters of revelation the new version retains , however , the old phrase `` angel of the church '' which biblical scholars have previously interpreted as meaning bishop . END
this is not contemporary english . END
for the most part , however , the new version is contemporary and , as such , should be the means for many to attain a clearer comprehension of the meaning of those words recorded so many hundreds of years ago by the first followers of christ . END
originally recorded by hand , these words have been UNK and UNK , translated and UNK through the ages . END
discoveries recently made of old biblical manuscripts in hebrew and greek and other ancient writings , some by the early church fathers , in themselves called for a UNK of the bible . END
to have the results recorded in everyday usable english should be of benefit to all who seek the truth . END
there is one danger , however . END
with contemporary english changing with the rapidity that marks this jet age , some of the words and phrases of the new version may themselves soon become archaic . END
the only answer will be continuous study . END
the new testament offered to the public today is the first result of the work of a joint committee made up of representatives of the church of england , church of scotland , methodist church , congregational union , baptist union , presbyterian church of england , churches in wales , churches in ireland , society of friends , british and foreign bible society and national society of scotland . END
prof. c. h. UNK , 76 , a congregational minister and a leading authority on the new testament , is general director of the project and chairman of the new testament panel . END
UNK temperatures and hot summer UNK are anything but kind to the feet . END
that is why it is important to UNK in comfortable , airy types of shoes . END
there are many soft and light shoe UNK available . END
many styles have UNK and an almost UNK achieved via UNK UNK . END
softness is found in crushed textures . END
styles run the gamut from slender and tapered with elongated toes to a newer squared toe shape . END
heels place emphasis on the long UNK silhouette . END
wine glass heels are to be found in both high and UNK . END
stacked heels are also popular on UNK or tailored shoes . END
just the UNK suggestion of a heel is found on teenage pumps . END
while white is the UNK summer shade , there are lots of UNK UNK along with UNK fabrics that will blend with any wardrobe color . END
in the UNK group are high and little heels , squared and oval throats , and UNK textures . END
don't overlook the UNK this year . END
they come in crisp basket UNK in natural honey UNK , along with UNK open UNK with a UNK finish in natural , white , black and a whole range of colors . END
in the casual field UNK feature wedge heels of cork or carved wood in a variety of styles . END
for added comfort some of the italian designed sandals have foam padded cushioning . END
the UNK tones popular in clothing are also to be found UNK . END
orange and lemon are considered important as are such UNK as blue and lilac . END
in a brighter UNK vein is UNK de france blue . END
contrast trim provides other touches of color . END
spectators in white crush textures dip toe and heel in smooth black , navy and UNK tan . END
designed for summer comfort are the shoes illustrated . END
at the left is a pair of UNK straw pumps in a light , but crisp texture . END
in a UNK open weave shoes have a UNK finish , UNK collar and bow UNK on the squared throat . END
at right is a casual style in a crushed UNK white leather . END
UNK have a UNK throat . END
an electric toothbrush ( UNK ) may soon take its place next to the electric razor in the american bathroom . END
the brush moves up and down and is small enough to clean every dental surface , including the back of the teeth . END
in addition , the motor has the seal of approval of the underwriters laboratories , which means it is safe . END
the unit consists of a small motor that goes on as soon as it is UNK in . END
the speed is controlled by pressing on the two UNK buttons located where the index finger and thumb are placed when holding the motor . END
the brushes can be cleaned and UNK by boiling and are UNK so that every member of the family can have his own . END
most of us brush our teeth by hand . END
the same can be said of shaving yet the electric razor has proved useful to many men . END
the electric toothbrush moves in a vertical direction , the way dentists recommend . END
in addition , it is small enough to get into UNK , jacket and crown margins , UNK UNK , and the back teeth . END
the bristles are soft enough to UNK the gums and not scratch the UNK . END
it is conceivable that UNK could do a better job than ordinary brushing , especially in those who do not brush their teeth properly . END
several dentists and patients with special dental problems have experimented with the device . END
the results were good although they are difficult to compare with hand brushing , particularly when the individual knows how to brush his teeth properly . END
the electric gadget is most helpful when there are many crowned teeth and in individuals who are elderly , UNK with a chronic disease , or are handicapped by disorders such as cerebral UNK or muscular UNK . END
but for many of us , it will prove an UNK luxury . END
it is not as convenient as the old type toothbrush and the paste tends to UNK off the bristles . END
since the apparatus is new , it requires experimentation and changes in technique . END
writes : does UNK in the left hand at night , which UNK the person , indicate brain tumor ? ? END
this is a common symptom and the cause usually is pressure on the nerve leading to the affected hand . END
the pressure may come from muscles , UNK , or bones anywhere from the neck to the hand . END
writes : do steam baths have any health value ? ? END
no , other than cleaning out the UNK and making the sweat glands work harder . END
an ordinary hot bath or shower will do the same . END
writes : what makes my hands numb when sewing ? ? END
there are many possibilities , including poor circulation , a variety of UNK conditions , and functional disorders . END
this manifestation may be an early sign of multiple UNK or the beginning of UNK UNK . END
writes : does a brace help in UNK ? ? END
a back brace might help , depending upon the cause of UNK . END
writes : does the cholesterol go down when most of the thyroid gland is removed ? ? END
it usually goes up . END
the cholesterol level in the blood is influenced by the glands of the body . END
it is low when the thyroid is UNK and high when the gland is UNK . END
the latter is likely to occur when the thyroid is removed . END
the gap between the UNK and the record cabinet grows smaller with each new recording catalogue . END
there's more reading and instruction to be heard on discs than ever before , although the spoken rather than the sung word is as old as thomas UNK UNK first experiment in recorded sound . END
UNK could hardly have guessed , however , that UNK would one day appear in stereo . END
if the record UNK tastes are somewhat UNK or even the slightest bit esoteric , he will find them satisfied on educational records . END
and he will avoid UNK in the process . END
everything from poetry to UNK , history to UNK , philosophy to party games has been adapted to the UNK . END
for sheer ambition , take the UNK series titled UNK `` wisdom '' . END
volumes one and two , selected from the sound tracks of a television series , contain `` conversations with the elder wise men of our day '' . END
these UNK include poet carl sandburg , statesman UNK nehru and sculptor jacques UNK , in volume one , and UNK UNK UNK , david UNK , philosopher UNK russell and the late frank lloyd wright in the second set . END
hugh downs is heard interviewing wright , for an added prestige UNK . END
there's more specialization and a narrower purpose in two UNK recently issued by UNK publications . END
UNK `` publishes '' what the company calls `` listen and learn '' productions designed to teach foreign languages . END
previous presentations have been on french , spanish , russian , italian , german and japanese . END
but the firm has recognized the tight dollar and the UNK desire to visit the `` smaller , UNK and relatively inexpensive countries '' , and is now prepared to teach modern greek and UNK through recordings . END
the respective UNK `` essential for travel '' are available in separate UNK . END
thanks to spoken arts records , history UNK may hear lincoln's `` most memorable speeches and letters '' in a UNK set , interpreted by lincoln authority and lecturer roy p. UNK . END
as a contemporary UNK , the set includes carl UNK address at a joint session of congress , delivered on lincoln's birthday two years ago . END
for those who `` like poetry but never get around to reading it '' , the library of congress makes it possible for poets to be heard reading their own work . END
the program was instituted in 1940 , and releases are available only from the recording laboratory of the library of congress , washington 25 , d.c. . END
a catalogue is available on request . END
newest on the list are john UNK , w. d. UNK , i. a. richards , oscar williams , robert UNK , john hall UNK , stephen vincent UNK , edwin UNK , john UNK bishop and maxwell UNK . END
two poets are paired on each record , in the order given above . END
UNK is not the only large commercial company to impart instruction . END
rca victor has an ambitious and useful project in a stereo series called `` adventures in music '' , which is an UNK record library for elementary schools . END
howard mitchell and the national symphony perform in the first two releases , designed for grades one and two . END
teaching guides are included with each record . END
in an effort to UNK himself against the UNK UNK sure to arise in the future , herbert a. UNK , UNK of the phoenix `` arizona progress '' , reflects upon a few of the depressing experiences of the feverish fifties . END
one of the UNK was the tv UNK shows , which gave him inferiority complexes . END
though it was a great relief when the big brains on these shows turned out to be frauds and UNK , it did UNK damage to the ego of the editor and many another intelligent , well-informed american . END
but the one that upset the financially wise was the professional dancer who related in a book how he UNK his earnings into a UNK profit on the stock market . END
every man who UNK in the market to make a little easy money on the side and suffers losses could at the time hardly face his wife who was wondering how her husband could be so dumb . END
investors breathed more freely when it was learned that this UNK dancer had turned magician and was only doing a best seller book to make some dough . END
people who take us for UNK are like the UNK who had on exhibit his superior UNK in the form of a number of bull's-eye achievements . END
the UNK who wanted to sign him up for the circus asked him how he was able to do it . END
his answer was simple but honest . END
he just shot at the board and then drew circles around the holes to form a bull's-eye . END
one of the obstacles to the easy control of a 2-year-old child is a lack of verbal communication . END
the child understands no . END
he senses his mother's disapproval . END
but explanations leave him confused and UNK . END
if his mother loves him , he UNK to that love as a UNK . END
it UNK his behavior . END
he wants UNK to think him a good boy . END
he doesn't want her to look UNK at him , or speak to him angrily . END
this breaks his heart . END
he wants to be called sweet , good , considerate and mother's little helper . END
but even mother's loving attitude will not always prevent UNK . END
his desires are so strong that he needs constant reassurance of his mother's love for him and what she expects of him , in order to overcome them . END
his own inner voice , which should tell him what not to do , has not developed . END
it won't develop until he has words with which to UNK it . END
the conscience is UNK in the 2-year-old . END
what can a mother do then to prevent UNK ? ? END
she can decrease the number of temptations . END
she can remove all UNK within reach . END
the fewer UNK she has to utter the more effective they will be . END
she should offer substitutes for the temptations which seem overwhelmingly desirable to the child . END
if he can't play with UNK magazines , he should have some old numbers of his own . END
if UNK books are out of bounds his own picture books are not . END
toys he has can be made to act as substitutes for family temptations such as refrigerator and gas stove . END
during this precarious period of development the mother should continue to influence the growth of the child's conscience . END
she tells him of the consequences of his behavior . END
if he bites a UNK she says , `` danny won't like you '' . END
if he UNK a toy , she says , `` UNK wants her own truck just as you do '' . END
there is no use trying to `` explain '' to a 2-year-old . END
remove the child from the scene of his UNK . END
substitute approved objects for forbidden ones and keep telling him how he is to act . END
he won't submit to his natural desires all the time , and it's mother's love that is responsible for his good behavior . END
this is the period during the melancholy days of autumn when universities and colleges schedule what they call `` homecoming day '' . END
they seek thereby to lure the old UNK back to the old scenes . END
the football opponent on homecoming is , of course , selected with the view that said opponent will have little more chance than did a christian when thrown to one of the UNK lions . END
it is true , of course , the uncertainties of life being what they are , that as now and then the christian killed the lion , homecoming days have been ruined by a visiting team . END
even with all possible precaution , UNK are usually rather cruel and sad , and only the UNK UNK and the continually optimistic are made happy by them . END
more often than not , as the old UNK UNK along the old paths , his memory of happy days when he strolled one of the paths with a UNK beside him becomes an ache and a pain . END
he can smell again the perfume she wore and recall the UNK sound of laughter , and can smell again the UNK of autumn -- fallen leaves , the wine of cool air , and the nostalgia of UNK which blows through all the winds of fall . END
it is at precisely such moments that he encounters a couple of undergraduates , faces UNK , holding hands and talking happily as they come along , UNK of him , or throwing him the most fleeting and casual of glances , such as they would give a UNK goat . END
usually , they UNK loudly after they have passed by . END
he feels , suddenly , the weight of the fat that is on him . END
his UNK or his plates feel loose and monstrous . END
his legs suddenly feel heavy and UNK weary , as if he had walked for miles , instead of strolling a few hundred yards along the old campus paths . END
bitterness comes over him and the taste of time is like UNK UNK in his mouth . END
it is not much better if he meets with old classmates . END
too often , unless he UNK them , they pass him by . END
he recalls with a wry smile the wit who said , on returning from a homecoming reunion , that he would never go again because all his class had changed so much they didn't even recognize him . END
if they do meet and recognize one another , UNK backs and embrace , the moment soon is done . END
after all , when one has asked whatever became of old joe and charlie when one has inquired who it was sue brown married and where it is they now live when questions are asked and answered about families and children , and old professors when the game and its probable outcome has been exhausted that does it . END
by then one begins to notice the UNK spread ; ; END
the gray hairs , the UNK , bodies that are too thin or too heavy ; ; END
the fading signs of old beauty ; ; END
the athlete of UNK years who wears a size 46 suit and UNK when he has finished a sentence of any length then , it is time to break it up and move on . END
it is , if anything , worse on the old player END
he sits in the stands and he doesn't like that . END
enough of his life was spent there on the field for him never to like watching the game as a spectator in the crowd . END
he always feels lonely . END
a team feels something . END
on a team a man feels he is a part of it and akin to the men next to him . END
in the stands he is lonely and lost , no matter how many are about him . END
he sits there remembering the tense moment before the ball was snapped ; ; END
the UNK of straining feet , the UNK of the canvas pants ; ; END
the smell and feel of hot , wet woolen sleeves across his face . END
he remembers the desperate , panting breath ; ; END
the long runs on the UNK ; ; END
the hard , UNK UNK ; ; END
the desperate agony of UNK stands . END
and so , he UNK with each play , remembering his youth . END
but it is no use . END
no matter how often a man goes back to the scenes of his youth and strength , they can never be UNK again . END
since the obvious is not always true , the republican national committee wisely analyzed its defeat of last autumn and finds that it occurred , as suspected , in the larger cities . END
of 40 cities with populations of 300,000 and more , mr. kennedy carried 26 and mr. nixon 14 . END
there are eight states in which the largest urban vote can be the balance of power in any close election . END
these are new york , pennsylvania , michigan , maryland , missouri , new jersey , illinois and minnesota . END
in 1952 mr. eisenhower won all but missouri . END
yet , in 1960 all eight gave UNK to mr. kennedy . END
republican research broke down the vote in philadelphia . END
mr. nixon , despite a very earnest effort to capture the minority groups , failed to do so . END
his visit to warsaw , poland , after the russian journey in the summer of 1959 was expected to win the polish vote which , in several cities , is substantial . END
yet , the gop breakdown discovered that in philadelphia mr. nixon received but 21 per cent of the so-called `` polish '' vote ; ; END
30 per cent of the `` irish '' vote , and 18 per cent of the `` negro '' vote . END
a gop `` task force ' committee will seek to find out how its party may win support from the ethnic and minority groups in cities . END
the task force might make a start in washington with republican congressional leaders . END
these gentlemen already have done the party harm by their seeming reluctance to vote aid for the depressed areas and by their criticism of mr. kennedy for talking about a recession and unemployment . END
this error was compounded by declaring the recession to be `` a statistical one '' , and not a reality . END
the almost six million persons without jobs and the two million working part-time do not consider themselves and their plight as statistical . END
they did not view the tour of the distressed cities and towns by secretary of labor goldberg as politics , which the gop declared it to be . END
the people visited were glad to have a government with heart enough to take an interest in their misery . END
senator UNK gross distortion of president eisenhower's conversation into a denunciation of president kennedy as too left wing , a statement mr. eisenhower declared to be entirely false , is another case in point . END
if the republicans and southern democrats join to defeat medical care for the old under the social security program , they will thereby erect still another barrier to gop hopes in the cities . END
the present republican leadership as practiced by UNK , UNK , bridges , UNK , et al , is repeating the errors of the party leadership of the UNK . END
in that decade the partisan zeal to defend mr. hoover , and the party's failure to anticipate or cope with the depression , caused a great majority of americans to see the republican party as cold and lacking in any sympathy for the problems of human beings caught up in the distress and suffering brought on by the economic crash . END
the republican party was not lacking in humanity , but it permitted its extremely partisan leadership to make it appear devoid of any consideration for people in trouble . END
farmers called their UNK pickup trucks `` hoover carts '' . END
UNK reduced to `` the makings '' , spoke of the sack tobacco as `` hoover dust '' . END
one may be sure the present republican congressional leadership hasn't meant to repeat this error . END
but it is in the process of so doing because it apparently gives priority to trying to UNK john f. kennedy . END
that this is not good politics is UNK by the latest poll figures which show that 72 per cent of the people like the way in which the new president is conducting the nation's business . END
the most articulate republicans are those who , in their desire to get back at mr. kennedy , already have created the image of a republican leadership which is reluctant to assist the distressed and the unemployed , and which is even more unwilling to help old people who need medical care . END
if they also defeat the school bill , the gop task force won't have much research to do . END
it will early know why the party won't win back city votes . END
the 1962 general assembly has important business to consider . END
the tragedy is that it will not be able to UNK that business in any responsible manner . END
after the UNK political UNK has completed the circuit in november in the name of a UNK forum , this is going to be the most politically oriented legislature in history . END
every legislator from UNK bald to UNK is going to have his every vote subjected to the closest scrutiny as a test of his political UNK , not his convictions . END
UNK legislative action on adjustment of the county unit system stands less chance than ever . END
and just how far can the legislature go toward setting up a UNK system for the state in the midst of a governor's race '' ? ? END
how UNK will be the recommendations of lt. gov. garland UNK senate committee on government operations ? ? END
the situation already was bad because the legislature moved the governor's race forward a few months , causing the campaigning to get started earlier than usual . END
but when former gov. marvin griffin and lt. gov. byrd accepted the invitations of the georgia state chamber of commerce to join the tour next november , the situation was UNK . END
neither had a choice other than to accept the invitation . END
to have refused would have been political suicide . END
and it may be that one or both men actually welcomed the opportunity , when the bravado comments are cast aside . END
the georgia state chamber of commerce tried to guard against the danger of eliminating potential candidates . END
it wanted the state democratic executive committee to pick the `` serious candidates '' . END
but state party chairman james gray of albany said no , and he didn't UNK any words . END
`` they are just asking too much '' , he said . END
we can't think of anyone else who would want to separate serious candidates from other candidates , either . END
there are other dangers : END
politics is an accelerating game . END
`` if an opponent UNK you of lying , don't deny it . END
say he is a horse thief '' , runs an old UNK . END
these men are UNK . END
if either one ever started making promises , there is no telling where the promises would end . END
UNK rural roads authority and UNK UNK miles of county contracts would look like UNK UNK . END
the trouble is that at first glance the idea looks like such a good one . END
why not have them travel the state in november debating ? ? END
it would present a forum for them in almost every community . END
but further thought brings the UNK visions of a governor's race being run in the next legislature , the UNK of big spending programs , the UNK of UNK before the campaign should even begin . END
there is a way out of this . END
the chamber has not arranged a UNK forum . END
it has arranged a campaign for governor . END
if it will simply delay the debates until the qualifications are closed next spring , and then carry all the candidates on a tour of debates , it can provide a service to the state . END
but the legislature should be granted the opportunity to complete its work before choosing up sides for the race . END
former british prime minister UNK says eisenhower was not a `` great soldier '' . END
UNK somewhat like george washington . END
both won a pretty UNK war with a modest assist from british strategy . END
congressmen returning from UNK say the people admire president kennedy so much , they're even willing to heed his call to sacrifice -- and give up his program . END
slogan of the john UNK society : `` UNK your own canoe . END
the guy who makes the motor boats may be a communist '' . END
a republican survey says kennedy won the UNK election on the religious issue . END
too many people were afraid if the gop won , they'd have to spend all their time UNK . END
the providence journal editorial ( jan. 25 ) entitled `` east greenwich faces a housing development problem '' points to a dilemma that faces communities such as ours . END
your suggested solution , it seems to me , is grossly oversimplified and is inconsistent with your generally realistic attitude toward , and UNK of , sound planning . END
first of all there is ample area in east greenwich already UNK in the classification similar to that which petitioner requested . END
this land is in various stages of development in several locations throughout the town . END
the demand for these lots can be met for some time to come . END
this would seem to indicate that we are trying neither `` to halt an UNK of UNK '' nor are we `` setting up such standards for development that only the UNK could afford to buy land and build in the new sites '' . END
what we are attempting to do is achieve and maintain a balance between medium density and low density residential areas and industrial and commercial development . END
it is in fact entirely consistent with your suggestion of modest industrial development to help pay governmental costs . END
UNK , inc. is approximately half way through a 10-year exemption of their real estate tax . END
the wisdom of granting such tax UNK is another matter , but this particular instance is , in my opinion , completely satisfactory . END
the 1960 tax book for east greenwich indicates a valuation for this property in excess of two million dollars . END
with our current UNK per hundred tax rate , it is safe to assume that this will qualify when you suggest a community should `` try to develop a modest industrial plant '' as the best way to meet these problems . END
in order to attract additional industry that is compatible with this community it is all the more important to present to the industrial prospect an orderly balance in the tax structure . END
as this tax base grows so then can your medium and low density residential areas grow . END
mr. richard UNK , executive director of the new hampshire state planning and development commission , in his remarks to the governors conference on industrial development at providence on october 8 , 1960 , warned against the UNK of attempting to attract industry solely to reduce the tax rate or to UNK municipal services such as schools when he said : `` if this is the fundamental reason for a UNK interest or if this is the basic approach , success if any will be difficult to obtain '' . END
he went on to say : `` in the first place , industry per se is not dedicated to the role of savior of UNK municipalities . END
it is not in business for the purpose of UNK increased municipal costs no matter how high a purpose that may be '' . END
while councilman UNK cited the anticipated increase in school costs in answer to a direct question from a taxpayer , the impact upon a school system does not have to be measured only in increased taxes to find alarm in uncontrolled growth . END
we in east greenwich have the example of two neighboring communities , one currently utilizing double sessions in their schools , and the other facing this prospect next year . END
it has already been reported in your newspapers that the east greenwich school committee is considering additions to at least one elementary school and to the high school to insure future accommodations for a school population that we know will increase . END
if they are to be commended for foresight in their planning , what then is the judgment of a town council that compounds this problem during the planning stage ? ? END
where then is the sound planning and cooperation between agencies within the community that you have called for in other editorials ? ? END
i submit that it cannot be dismissed simply by saying we are not facing the facts of life . END
the `` fruitful course '' of UNK that you recommend is currently practiced by the town of east greenwich and had its inception long before we learned what it was called . END
for example : 1 . END
the east greenwich police department utilizes the radio transmission facilities of the warwick police department , thereby eliminating duplication of facilities and UNK police coordination in the UNK UNK area of the two communities . END
the east greenwich fire district services parts of warwick as well as east greenwich . END
the taxpayers of east greenwich appropriate sums of money , as do other kent county communities , for the support of the kent county memorial hospital , a regional facility . END
the east greenwich free library receives financial support from the town of east greenwich and the city of warwick to supplement its UNK . END
UNK were put out last year to the city of warwick , as reported in your newspapers , suggesting investigation of a common rubbish disposal area to service the UNK and UNK areas of warwick along with east greenwich . END
east greenwich was one of the first rhode island towns to enter into contract agreement with the rhode island development council for planning services we could not provide for ourselves . END
the education program for retarded children conducted by the east greenwich school system has pupils from at least one neighboring community . END
i feel compelled to write this because i am greatly concerned with the problem of community growth rate and the relation between types of growth in a town such as east greenwich . END
i believe it is an area in which professional planners have failed to set adequate guide posts ; ; END
and yet they cannot ignore this problem because it concerns the implementation of nearly all the planning programs they have devised . END
these programs are volumes of waste paper and lost hours if the citizens of a community must stand aside while land UNK tell them when , where , and in what manner the community shall grow . END
we have far less to fear in the UNK family than we have in the UNK developer under these conditions . END
until professional planners meet this situation squarely and UNK the concepts of zoning in a manner acceptable to the courts , i hope we in east greenwich can continue to shape our own destiny . END
i would like very much , on behalf of my husband and myself , to send our eternal thanks to all the wonderful people responsible for the UNK fund . END
it is indeed true , as stated in the famous novel of our day , `` for whom the bell UNK '' , that `` no man is an island , entirely of itself ; ; END
every man is a piece of the continent , a part of the main '' . END
thanks to the generosity of mr. irving j. UNK , president of the temple beth el ; ; END
rev. UNK UNK , pastor of the UNK street methodist church ; ; END
mr. felix UNK , of the imperial knife co. ; ; END
and to mrs. UNK UNK , regional director of the national conference of christians and jews , who asked them to serve as a committee for the fund . END
it is through them that we have become aware of the divine humanity in man , and therefore , that most people are noble , helpful and good . END
bless you my friends , for it is through love and service that brotherhood becomes a reality . END
i am a sophomore at mount pleasant high school . END
my future plans are to become a language teacher . END
of course , having this desire , i am very interested in education . END
a few weeks ago , i read in the bulletin that there were to be given chinese classes in cranston . END
the article also said that a person had to be 18 years old or over , and must not be going to high school to attend these classes . END
the following week , i read in the sunday paper that the students of russia begin european and asian languages in the seventh grade . END
i wish you could see the situation as i see it . END
if russian pupils have to take these languages , how come american students have a choice whether or not to take a language , but have to face so many exceptions ? ? END
i do not think that america is like russia , not in the least ! ! END
i am proud of my country , the small city i live in , my wonderful parents , my friends and my school ; ; END
but i am also a young , able and willing girl who wants to study the chinese language but is not old enough . END
then people wonder why russian pupils are more advanced than american students . END
well , there lies your answer . END
at the height of the first UNK we had , it was impossible for me to get medical attention needed during an emergency . END
however , the east providence rescue squad made its way through to my home in time of desperation . END
words cannot tell of the UNK attention and comfort their service gave to me . END
the concern they felt for me was such as i shall never forget and for which i will always be grateful . END
the rescue squad is to be praised immensely for the fine work they do in all kinds of weather . END
had they not gotten me to the hospital when they did , perhaps i would not be here to commend them at this time . END
many thanks for a job well done . END
the providence sunday journal article ( jan. 29 ) asking whether american taxpayers are being UNK by a gigantic giveaway to pay for the care of war veterans who have non-service-connected UNK sounds as though the providence journal is desperate for news . END
usually a veteran has to hang himself to get space on the front page . END
on the question of admission to veterans administration hospitals of UNK and non-service-connected disabled veterans , it must be recognized that there are many men who are greatly affected by war service . END
it can manifest itself before discharge from service , or it can come out years later . END
there is one other point we should never lose sight of : many veterans who enter va hospitals as UNK cases later qualify as UNK . END
no psychiatrist could tell me that the experience in a war can not have its effect in the ensuing years . END
the arguments advanced by those individuals and groups who oppose the system in force and who would drastically curtail or do away entirely with hospital care for the non-service-connected case , seem to be coldly impractical and UNK with the wishes of the general public . END
i believe in priority for UNK disabled veterans in admission to va hospitals . END
but i don't believe we should close the door on non-service-connected patients . END
this matter is of great importance , and the outcome may mean the difference between life or death , or at least serious injuries , for many veterans . END
some critics say that the length of stay in a hospital is too long . END
there's a reason for this length of stay . END
first of all , the admitting physician in the va hospital gets the patient as a new patient . END
he has no experience with this UNK previous medical record . END
if the doctor is conscientious , he wants to study the patient . END
as a result , it takes a little longer than it would on the outside where the family physician knows about the patient . END
secondly , the va physician knows that when the patient leaves the hospital , he is no longer going to have a chance to visit his patient . END
so he keeps the veteran in until he can observe the effects of treatment or surgery . END
the american public must be presented with the facts concerning va hospitalization . END
the public should understand that whether they support a state hospital or a va hospital , the tax dollar has to be paid one way or the other . END
the responsibility is still going to be there whether they pay for a va hospital or the tax dollar is spent for the state hospital . END
an adequate system of va hospitals is better equipped to care for the veterans than any 50 state hospitals . END
it seems that open season upon UNK hospitalization is once more upon us . END
the american medical association is once again grinding out its UNK propaganda based upon the high cost of the veterans administration medical program to the american taxpayer . END
do they , the a.m.a. , offer any solution other than outright abolition of a medical system UNK anywhere in the world ? ? END
we veterans acknowledge the fact that as time passes the demand for medical care at va hospitals will grow proportionately as age UNK illness . END
nevertheless , we wonder at the stand of the a.m.a. on the health problem confronting the aged . END
they opposed the UNK bill , which would have placed the major burden of financial support upon the individual himself through compulsory payroll deduction ; ; END
yet they supported the eisenhower administration which will cost a small state like ours approximately five million dollars ( matched incidentally by a federal grant ) to initiate . END
`` a lousy job '' END
-- no doubt there have been moments during every presidency when the man in the white house has had feelings of frustration , exasperation , UNK , and even panic . END
this we can sympathetically understand . END
but no president ever before referred to his as a `` lousy job '' ( as walter UNK recently quoted president kennedy as doing in conversation with sen. UNK UNK ) . END
during his aggressive campaign to win his present position , mr. kennedy was UNK about this country's `` prestige '' abroad . END
what does he think a remark like this `` lousy '' one does to our prestige and morale ? ? END
if the president of the united states really feels he won himself a `` lousy job '' , then heaven help us all . END
UNK , UNK , aug. 5 END
-- defense secretary robert s. UNK has asked congress for authority and funds to build fallout shelters costing about 200 million dollars . END
why should congress even consider allowing such a sum for that which can give no protection ? ? END
top scientists have warned that an area hit by an atomic missile of massive power would be engulfed in a suffocating fire storm which would persist for a long time . END
the scientists have also warned that no life above ground or underground , sheltered or UNK could be expected to survive in an area at least 50 miles in diameter . END
this sum spent for foreign economic aid , the peace corps , food for peace , or any other program to solve the problems of the underdeveloped countries would be an investment that would pay off in world peace , increased world trade , and prosperity for every country on the globe . END
let us prepare for peace , instead of for a war which would mean the end of civilization . END
short shorts on the campus END
-- it seems college isn't what it should be . END
i refer to the attire worn by the students . END
upon a visit to a local junior college last week , i was shocked to see the young ladies wearing short shorts and the young men wearing bermuda shorts . END
is this what our children are to come face to face with when they are ready for college in a few years ? ? END
education should be UNK in their minds , but with this attire how can anyone think it is so ? ? END
it looks more like they are going to play at the beach instead of taking lessons on UNK themselves . END
high school students have more sense of the way to dress than college students . END
many high school students go past my house every day , and they look like perfect ladies and gentlemen . END
no matter how hot the day , they are dressed properly and not in shorts . END
-- the granting of the jan UNK award august 13 to senator paul douglas is a bitter example of misleading minorities . END
douglas has consistently voted to aid the people who killed UNK , and against principles UNK died to uphold . END
douglas has voted for aid to communists and for the destruction of individual freedom ( public housing , foreign aid , etc. ) . END
oak park , aug. 8 END
-- in today's `` voice '' , the cta is urged to reduce UNK for senior citizens . END
rising costs have increased the difficulties of the elderly , and i would be the last to say they should not receive consideration . END
but why is it the special responsibility of the cta to help these people ? ? END
why should cta regular riders subsidize reduced transportation for old people any more than the people who drive their own cars or walk to work should ? ? END
the welfare of citizens , old and young , is the responsibility of the community , not only of that part of it that rides the aj . END
cta regulars already subsidize transportation for school children , policemen , and firemen . END
-- in reply to a letter in today's `` voice '' urging the sale of meat after 6 p.m. , i wish to state the other side of the story . END
i am the wife of the owner of a small , independent meat market . END
my husband's hours away from home for the past years have been from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. the early part of the week , and as late as 8 or 9 on UNK . END
now he is apparently expected to give up his evenings -- and sundays , too , for this is coming . END
there is a trend to packaging meat at a central source , freezing it , and shipping it to UNK stores , where meat cutters will not be required . END
if a customer wishes a special cut , it will not be available . END
we are slowly being UNK to having everything packaged , whether we want it or not . END
most women , in this age of UNK , shop for the entire week on UNK , when prices are lower . END
also , many working wives have children or husbands who take over the shopping chores for them . END
independent market owners work six days a week ; ; END
and my husband hasn't had a vacation in 14 years . END
no , we are not greedy . END
but if we closed the store for a vacation , we would lose our customers to the chain stores in the next block . END
the meat UNK union , which has a history of being one of the UNK and least corrupt in our area , represents the little corner markets as well as the large UNK . END
what it is trying to do is to protect the little man , too , as well as trying to maintain a flow of fresh meat to all stores , with choice of cut being made by the consumer , not the store . END
the legion convention and sidney UNK END
-- i , too , congratulate the american legion , of which i am proud to have been a member for more than 40 years , on the recent state convention . END
i regret that bertha UNK ( today's `` voice '' ) obtained incorrect information . END
had i been granted the floor on a point of personal privilege , the matter she raised would have been clarified . END
the resolution under discussion at the convention was to require the boards of election to UNK judges to properly display the american flag . END
judges under the jurisdiction of the chicago board of election commissioners are instructed to do this . END
the resolution further asked that UNK place proprietors UNK an attachment to their premises for the display of the flag . END
it was my desire to advise the membership of the legion that the majority of UNK places are on private property and , without an amendment to the law , we could not enforce this . END
my discussion with reference to the resolution was that we should commend those citizens who serve as judges of election and who properly discharge their duty and UNK place proprietors who make available their private premises , and not by UNK criticize them . END
at no time did i attempt to seek approval or UNK for the members of the chicago board of election commissioners for the discharge of their duties . END
-- the illinois commission for handicapped children wishes to commend the recent announcement by the catholic charities of the UNK of chicago and UNK university of the establishment of the institute for special education at the university for the training of teachers for physically handicapped and mentally retarded children . END
in these days of serious shortage of properly trained teachers qualified to teach physically handicapped and mentally handicapped children , the establishment of such an institute will be a major contribution to the field . END
the illinois commission for handicapped children , which for 20 years has had the responsibility of coordinating the services of tax supported and voluntary organizations serving handicapped children , of studying the needs of handicapped children in illinois , and of promoting more adequate services for them , indeed UNK this new important resource which will help the people of illinois toward the goal of providing an education for all of its children . END
-- i just want to let you know how much i enjoyed your june 25 article on UNK , and to thank you for it . END
please do put more pictures and articles in about UNK , as he is truly one of our greatest UNK and a really wonderful person . END
more school , less pay END
-- is this , perhaps , one of the things that is wrong with our country ? ? END
engineering graduates of illinois institute of technology are reported receiving the highest average starting salaries in the UNK history -- UNK a month . END
my son , who has completed two years in engineering school , has a summer job on a construction project as an UNK laborer . END
at a rate of UNK an hour he is now earning approximately UNK a month . END
ironic , is it not , that after completing years of costly scientific training he will receive a cut in pay from what he is receiving as an ordinary UNK laborer ? ? END
( editorial comment on this letter appears elsewhere on this page ) . END
-- your july 26 editorial regarding the position of attorney general robert f. kennedy on prospective tax relief for dupont stockholders is based on an erroneous statement of fact . END
as a result , your criticism of attorney general robert f. kennedy and the department of justice was inaccurate , unwarranted and unfair . END
the editorial concerned legislative proposals to ease the tax burden on dupont stockholders , in connection with the united states supreme court ruling that dupont must UNK itself of its extensive general motors stock holdings . END
these proposals would reduce the amount of tax that dupont stockholders might have to pay -- from an estimated UNK billion dollars under present law to as little as UNK million dollars . END
congressman UNK d. mills , chairman of the house ways and means committee , asked the department of justice for its views on these legislative proposals as they related to anti-trust law enforcement . END
the attorney general responded by letter dated july 19 . END
copies of this letter were made UNK to the press and public . END
in this letter , mr. kennedy made it clear that he limited his comment only to one consideration -- what effect the legislative proposals might have on future anti-trust judgments . END
there are a number of other considerations besides this one but it is for the congress , not the department of justice , to balance these various considerations and make a judgment about legislation . END
yet your editorial said : `` now the attorney general writes that no considerations ' justify any loss of revenue of this proportion ' '' . END
what mr. kennedy , in fact , wrote was : `` it is the department's view that no anti-trust enforcement considerations justify any loss of revenue of this proportion '' . END
the editorial , by omitting the words anti-trust enforcement , totally distorted mr. kennedy's views . END
the headline is offensive , particularly in view of the total UNK of the editorial . END
-- i concur most heartily with today's letter on the futility of writing to sen. UNK and sen. douglas . END
but when you write to UNK church , bless her heart , your letter is answered fully and completely . END
should she disagree , she explains why in detail . END
when she agrees , you can rest assured her position will remain unchanged . END
i think we have the hardest working , best representative in congress . END
UNK grove , aug. 8 END
-- a recent news story reported that frank sinatra and dean martin delayed UNK airplane passengers 10 minutes in london while they finished their drinks . END
they do our country great harm by such actions . END
those in the public eye should be good examples of american citizens while abroad . END
the plane should have started at the scheduled time and left sinatra and martin to UNK . END
-- overt socialism means government ownership and management of a nation's main industries . END
in UNK socialism -- toward which america is moving -- private enterprise retains the ownership title to industries but government thru direct intervention and excessive regulations actually controls them . END
in order to attract new industries , 15 states or more are issuing tax free bonds to build government owned plants which are UNK to private enterprise . END
this is a step toward overt socialism . END
issuing bonds for plant construction has brought new industries to certain regions . END
`` workers of the party '' END
sir -- we are writing in reference to a recent `` suggestion '' made to the staff of the public health nursing service of jersey city ( registered professional nurses with college background and varying experiences ) . END
the day before election day , to which we are entitled as a legal holiday , we were informed to report to our respective polls to work as `` workers of the party '' . END
being ethical and professional people interested in community health and well-being , we felt this wasn't a function of our position . END
such tactics UNK of UNK ! ! END
as we understand , this UNK was given to all city and county employes . END
to our knowledge no nurse in our agency has been employed because of political affiliation . END
we , therefore , considered the `` suggestion '' an insult to our intelligence , ethics , bill of rights , etc. . END
our only obligation for this day is to vote , free of persuasion , for the person we feel is capable in directing the public . END
this is our duty -- not as nurses or city employes -- but as citizens of the united states . END
sir -- i read of a man who felt he should not build a fallout shelter in his home because it would be selfish for him to sit secure while his neighbors had no shelters . END
does this man live in a neighborhood where all are free UNK unwilling to help themselves , but ready to demand that `` the community '' help and protect them ? ? END
community shelters are , of course , necessary for those having no space for shelter . END
if in a town of 2,000 private homes , half of them have shelters , the need for the community shelters will be reduced to that extent . END
in designing his home fallout shelter there is nothing to prevent a man from planning to shelter that UNK occupants , `` UNK '' -- so he will be able to take in a stranger . END
i hope the man who plans to sit on his hands until the emergency comes will have a change of heart , will get busy and be the first member of our `` UNK '' shelter club . END
sir -- people continue to inquire the reason for the race for outer space . END
it's simple enough from my point of view . END
i am for it . END
it is the only method left for a man to escape from a woman's world . END
sir -- when the colonies decided upon freedom from england , we insisted , through the declaration of independence , that the nations of the world recognize us as a separate political entity . END
it is high time the united states began to realize that the UNK rights of men set forth in that document are applicable today to katanga . END
in the united nations charter , the right of self-determination is also an essential principle . END
this , again , applies to katanga . END
the people of katanga had fought for , and obtained , their freedom from the communist UNK of UNK UNK , and his UNK . END
by political , economic , geographic and natural standards , they were justified in doing so . END
the united states and the u.n. denounce their own principles when they defend the communist UNK and refuse to acknowledge the right of self-determination of the UNK . END
sir -- permit me to commend your editorial in which you stress the fact that a program of county colleges will substantially increase local tax burdens and that taxpayers have a right to a clear idea of what such a program would commit them to . END
the bill which passed the assembly last may and is now pending in the senate should be given careful scrutiny . END
the procedure for determining the amounts of money to be spent by county colleges and raised by taxation will certainly UNK many taxpayers . END
under the proposal the members of the board of trustees of a county college will be appointed ; ; END
none will be elected . END
the trustees will prepare an annual budget for the college and submit it to the board of school estimate . END
this board will consist of two of the trustees of the college , and the director and two members of the board of UNK . END
it will determine the amount of money to be spent by the college and will certify this amount to the board of UNK , which `` shall appropriate in the same manner as other appropriations are made by it the amount so certified and the amount shall be assessed , UNK and collected in the same manner as UNK appropriated for other purposes '' . END
the approval of only three members of the board of school estimate is required to certify the amount of money to be allotted to the college . END
since two of these could be trustees of the college , actually it would be necessary to have the consent of only one elected official to impose a levy of millions of dollars of tax revenue . END
this is taxation without representation . END
sir -- your editorial , `` housing UNK '' , is certainly not the answer to our slum problems . END
the very rules and regulations in every city are the primary case of slum conditions . END
change our taxing law so that no tax shall be charged to any owner for additions or improvements to his properties . END
then see what a boom in all trades , as well as slum clearance at no cost to taxpayers , will happen . END
our entire economy will have a terrific UNK . END
sir -- an old man is kicked to death by UNK . END
the medical examiner states that death was due to `` natural causes '' . END
i once heard a comedian say that if you are killed by a UNK in new york , it is listed as `` death due to natural causes '' . END
sir -- every resident of this city should visit the newark museum and see the exhibit `` our changing skyline in newark '' . END
it will be at the museum until march 30 . END
it is a revelation of what has been done , what is being done and what will be done in newark as shown by UNK plans , models and pictures . END
it shows what a beautiful city newark will become and certainly make every UNK proud of this city . END
it should also make him desire to participate actively in civic , school and religious life of the community so that that phase of newark will live up to the challenge presented by this exhibit . END
sir -- i UNK to join in praise of the men in the toll UNK on the garden state parkway . END
recently i traveled the parkway from east orange to cape may and i found the most courteous group of men you will find anywhere . END
one even gave my little dog a UNK . END
it was very refreshing . END
`` deep UNK show '' END
the UNK of the `` deep UNK show '' at 15th and m streets nw have an added attraction -- the view of a UNK cypress swamp . END
twenty feet below the street level in the UNK of the new motel to be constructed on this site , a black UNK deposit has been encountered . END
this is a black swamp clay in which about one hundred million years ago UNK trees were growing . END
the UNK remains of many of these trees are found embedded in the clay . END
some of the stumps are as much as three feet long , but most of them have been flattened by the pressure of the UNK sediments . END
although the wood has been changed to coal , much of it still retains its original cell structure . END
in the clay are UNK millions of pollen grains and UNK which came from plants growing in the region at the time . END
these UNK indicate the swamp was `` formed during the lower UNK period when UNK were at their UNK and when the first flowering plants were just appearing . END
the 15th street deposit is not to be confused with the nearby famous mayflower hotel cypress swamp on 17th street reported in the washington post , august 2 , 1955 , which was probably formed during the second UNK period and is therefore much younger . END
recently the secretary of the friends committee on national legislation was interviewed on the air . END
while i respect his sincere concern for peace , he made four points that i would like to question . END
he said , `` let's work for peace instead of protection from aggression '' . END
i would ask , `` why not do both '' ? ? END
military power does not cause war ; ; END
war is the result of mistrust and lack of understanding between people . END
are we not late , especially those of us who call ourselves friends , in doing enough about this lack of understanding ? ? END
as to protection , the speaker disapproved of shelters , pointing out that fallout shelters would not save everyone . END
is this a reason for saving no one ? ? END
would the man with an empty life boat row away from a UNK because his boat could not pick up everyone ? ? END
the speaker suggested that the desolation of a post-attack world would be too awful to face . END
if the world comes to this , wouldn't it be the very time when courage and american know-how would be needed to help survivors rebuild ? ? END
many of our young people think it would . END
UNK , the speaker UNK our organized program of emergency help calling it `` civilian defense '' . END
in 1950 , public law UNK created civil defense ( different from UNK of world war 2 ) , a responsibility of the government at all levels to help reduce loss of life and property in disaster , natural or UNK . END
far from creating fear , as the speaker suggests , UNK -- knowing what to do in an emergency -- gives people confidence . END
civil defense has far to go and many problems to solve , but is it not in the best spirit of our pioneer tradition to be not only willing , but prepared to care for our own families and help our neighbors in any disaster -- storm , flood , accident or even war ? ? END
it seems rather peculiar that residents of apartments are denied the right of providing themselves with the protection and companionship of dogs . END
i feel that few UNK would be prone to break and enter into someone's apartment if they were met with a good hardy growl that a dog would provide . END
in addition , would not the young female public of washington be afforded a greater degree of protection at night when they are on the streets if they were accompanied by a dog on a UNK ? ? END
i grant that the dog may not be really protective , based on his training , but if you were UNK the streets looking for a purse to snatch or a young lady to UNK , how quick would you be to attack a person strolling with a dog ? ? END
i would like to suggest that the UNK and commissioners get together and consider UNK the practice of prohibiting dogs in apartments . END
use the terraces of the capitol for a sidewalk cafe ? ? END
could senator humphrey be serious in his proposal ? ? END
is nothing in this country more sacred than the UNK comfort ? ? END
perhaps the idea of sidewalk cafes could be extended . END
the lincoln and jefferson UNK are rather bleak . END
why not put a cafe in each so the tourists would not have to travel too far to eat ? ? END
unfortunately the cafes might not make enough money to support themselves during the off season . END
as an added suggestion to balance the budget , the government could sell advertising space on the washington monument . END
it is visible throughout the city , and men from madison ave. would jump at the chance . END
sen. UNK humphrey is obviously a man with a soul and heart . END
he , like most of us , wants to be able to sit , to contemplate and be moved by the great outdoors . END
let us have more benches and fewer forbidden areas around fountains and gardens . END
let us , like the french , have outdoor cafes where we may relax , converse at leisure and enjoy the passing crowd . END
two strong UNK from the majority report of the joint economic committee ( may 2 ) by senators UNK and butler UNK that the new deal fiscal policy of the thirties did not work . END
soviets said to fear UNK of german UNK END
to the editor of the new york times : END
for the first time in history the entire world is dominated by two large , powerful nations armed with murderous nuclear weapons that make conventional warfare of the past a UNK . END
the united states and soviet russia have enough nuclear weapons to destroy all nations . END
recent statements by well-known scientists regarding the destructive power of the newest nuclear bombs and the deadly UNK should be sufficient to still the voices of those who advocate nuclear warfare instead of negotiations . END
president kennedy was right when he said , `` we shall never negotiate out of fear and we never shall fear to negotiate '' . END
i have just returned from a UNK trip to europe and the far east . END
it is quite evident that the people of western europe are overwhelmingly opposed to participation in a nuclear war . END
the fact is that the italians , french and british know that they have no defense against nuclear bombs . END
we have no right to criticize them , as they realize they would be sitting ducks in a nuclear war . END
we should stand firmly and UNK for our right to free access into berlin . END
it would be criminal folly if the communists tried to prevent us . END
but there is nothing we can do to stop soviet russia from granting de facto recognition to east germany . END
soviet russia has been invaded twice by german troops in a generation . END
in the last war russia lost more than ten million killed and its lands and factories were UNK . END
the truth is that communist russia fears the UNK of german UNK . END
berlin is merely being used by moscow as a UNK horse . END
actually , the communists , out of fear of a united and armed germany , would probably be willing to agree to a UNK germany that would be united and neutral and have its independence guaranteed by the u.n. . END
if the communists are sincere in wanting a united , neutral and UNK germany , it might well be advantageous for the german people in this nuclear age . END
it could provide security without cost of armaments and increase german prosperity and lessen taxation . END
france and other western european nations likewise fear a UNK germany . END
if the german people favor such a settlement we should not oppose germany following the example of austria . END
president kennedy has urged a peace race on disarmament that might be called `` operation survival '' which has many facets . END
why not make a beginning with a united and UNK germany whose UNK and immunity from nuclear bombing would be guaranteed by the big four powers and the united states ? ? END
a united germany , freed of UNK , might be the first step toward disarmament and peace in a UNK and tortured world . END
to the editor of the new york times : END
in your editorial of sept. 30 `` the UNK congo '' you make the following comment : `` far too many states are following the russian example in refusing to pay their assessments . END
it is up to the assembly to take action against them . END
they are violating their charter obligation , the prescribed penalty for which is suspension of membership or expulsion '' . END
i would like to quote from the charter of the united nations : END
`` article 17 , section 1 : : END
the general assembly shall consider and approve the budget of the organization . END
`` section 2 : : END
the expenses of the organization shall be borne by the members as apportioned by the general assembly . END
`` article 19 : : END
a member of the united nations which is in arrears in the payment of its financial contributions to the organization shall have no vote in the general assembly if the amount of its arrears equals or exceeds the amount of the contributions due from it for the preceding two full years '' . END
the u.s.s.r. and her followers are careful in paying their obligations to the regular budget . END
but they refuse , as do the UNK states , to support the united UNK expenses of maintaining the united nations emergency force in the middle east as a buffer between egypt and israel , and the u.n. troops in the congo , which expenses are not covered by the regular budget of the united nations , but by a special budget . END
according to the official interpretation of the charter , a member cannot be UNK by not having the right to vote in the general assembly for UNK of financial obligations to the `` special '' united UNK budgets , and of course cannot be expelled from the organization ( which you suggested in your editorial ) , due to the fact that there is no provision in the charter for expulsion . END
connally UNK repeal held step toward world order END
to the editor of the new york times : END
in your sept. 27 editorial appraisal of the work of the first session of the UNK congress you referred to the lack of `` consciousness of destiny in a time of acute national and world peril '' . END
yet your list of things left undone did not include repeal of the connally amendment to this country's domestic jurisdiction reservation to its adherence to the statute of the international court of justice . END
the connally amendment says that the united states , rather than the court , shall determine whether a matter is essentially within the domestic jurisdiction of the united states in a case before the world court to which the united states is a party . END
if the case is thus determined by us to be domestic , the court has no jurisdiction . END
since the connally amendment has the effect of giving the same right to the other party to a dispute with the united states , it also prevents us from using the court effectively . END
yet although the kennedy administration , and the eisenhower administration before it , have both declared themselves solidly for repeal of the connally amendment , as contrary to our best interests , no action has yet been taken . END
our `` destiny '' in these perilous times should be to lead strongly in the pursuit of peace , with justice , under law . END
to achieve this destiny , acts as well as words are needed -- not only acts that lead to physical strength but also acts that lead to strength based on right doing and respect . END
what better affirmative step could be taken to this end than repeal of the connally amendment -- an act which could expose the united states to no practical risk yet would put an end to our UNK attitude toward the court , enable us to utilize it , and advance in a tangible way the cause of international law and order ? ? END
we believe that the list of vital things left undone to date by the UNK congress should have included repeal by the senate of the connally amendment . END
to the editor of the new york times : END
many UNK subway riders utilizing the UNK street express are daily confronted with the sight of the local departing from the UNK station as their express comes to a stop , leaving them stranded and strained . END
to the UNK of thousands who must transfer to ride to UNK street and change for the UNK , this takes a daily toll of time and temper . END
the transit authority has recently placed in operation `` hold '' lights at UNK UNK and UNK street stations in brooklyn . END
this `` holds '' the local until the express passengers change trains . END
without question , this time and temper UNK should be immediately installed at the UNK station . END
to the editor of the new york times : END
as a business man i have to use the telephone constantly , from three to four hours a day . END
in the last few years the telephone company has managed to UNK many areas of their service . END
it has not been any great mental effort on my part to keep up with this mechanization which has brought about new ways of UNK . END
however , there are still several types of calls that necessitate the use of telephone operators . END
i have been absolutely shocked at the UNK of the young ladies who are servicing UNK calls , special UNK calls , etc. . END
either it is lack of training , lack of proper screening when hiring , lack of management or possibly lack of interest on the part of the telephone company , which does have a UNK monopoly . END
i disagree with the writer who says funeral services should be UNK . END
the funeral for my husband was just what i wanted and i paid a fair price , far less than i had expected to pay . END
but the hospitals and doctors should be . END
recently i visited the very remarkable pilgrim school for retarded children . END
UNK park UNK its recreation center , five days a week , to the school . END
there is no charge and no state aid . END
UNK , american legion and other groups UNK small sums and the mothers do what they can to bring in dollars for its support . END
there are 70 children there and the mothers UNK one day a week to the school . END
reading , writing and simple arithmetic are taught along with such UNK as working in brass . END
they make beautiful objects . END
enough trading stamps were collected to buy a UNK station wagon . END
UNK schools furnish an old UNK bus ( the heater in which needs repair since some of the children ride a long distance and need the heat ) . END
the school is located at UNK mile road , UNK heights . END
visitors are welcome to come see what these dedicated mothers can do . END
i was surprised at mayor UNK defeat , but perhaps UNK UNK can accomplish some things that should have been done years ago . END
maybe he can clean out the white elephants in some of the city departments such as welfare , UNK and sanitation . END
negligence in garbage and rubbish collections and alley cleaning is great . END
he should put the police back to UNK and walking the streets at night . END
there should be better bus service and all of our city departments and their various branches need a general and complete UNK . END
our UNK UNK are not enforced and i have yet to read of a conviction in a UNK case . END
drunken truck drivers in the city departments should be UNK out . END
educate the city employes to give real service to the public . END
after all , they are paid by the public , they should be examples . END
church finds news features are helpful END
at a recent meeting of the women's association of the UNK ave. united presbyterian church , considerable use was made of material from the detroit news on the king james version of the new testament versus the new english bible . END
some members of the organization called attention also to the article on hymns of inspiration , the daily prayer and three minutes a day , as being very helpful . END
we feel that the detroit news is to be UNK upon arranging for articles on these subjects and we hope that it will continue to provide material along wholesome lines . END
thank you for the article by george UNK on the public UNK to UNK . END
how old do you have to be to remember when americans , especially children , were encouraged to be polite ? ? END
why has this form of UNK gone out of american life ? ? END
how can we old-fashioned parents , who still feel that adults are due some respect from children , battle the new type of advertising that appears on tv without denying the children the use of television entirely ? ? END
writers of ads must get their inspiration from the attitude of `` modern '' parents they have observed . END
from necessity , they are also inspired by the `` UNK '' attitude of the sponsor , so , finally , it is the sponsor who must take the responsibility for the good or bad taste of his advertising . END
i commend senator hart for his brave fight to establish a national park in the dunes area . END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
i just wish to congratulate inspector UNK and his efficient police troops in cleaning the city of those horrible automobiles . END
we have now a quiet city , fewer automobiles , less congestion , and fewer retail customers shopping in center city . END
good for mr. UNK . END
maybe he will help to turn our fair city into a `` ghost '' town . END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
i worked on the schuylkill expressway and if it had not been for the big trucks carrying rock and concrete there wouldn't be an expressway . END
without these massive trucks highways would still be just an idea of the future . END
mr. george hough ( oct. 30 ) sounds like a business man who UNK until the last minute to leave his home or shop . END
the trucks today help pay for this highway . END
they try to keep within the speed limits . END
although today's trucks are as fast as passenger cars , a truck driver has to be a sensible person and guard against UNK the road . END
out of school at 14 END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
the letter writer who suggested saving money by taking kids out of school at 14 should have signed his letter `` UNK '' instead of `` UNK '' . END
such kids only wind up among the unemployed on relief or in jail where they become a much bigger burden . END
there are lots of jobs available for trained high school graduates , but not for the UNK . END
what we need is more vocational training in high schools , not more UNK . END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
i suppose i am missing some elementary point but i honestly cannot see how two wrongs can make a right ! ! END
i am referring to this country conducting atmosphere tests of nuclear bombs just because russia is . END
will our bombs be cleaner or will their fallout be less UNK to future generations of children ? ? END
if an atom bomb in 1945 could destroy an entire city surely the atomic UNK we now have is more than adequate to fulfill any military objective required of it . END
as i see it , if war starts and we survive the initial attack enough to be able to fight back , the nuclear weapons we now have -- at least the bombs -- can inflict all the UNK that is necessary . END
why do we need bigger and better bombs ? ? END
i repeat , two wrongs do not make a right . END
' we tremble not ' END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
everyone should take time to read martin UNK hymn `` a mighty fortress is our god '' . END
especially the first half of the third verse : END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
to our everlasting shame , we led the world in this nuclear arms race sixteen years ago when we dropped the first bombs on hiroshima and UNK . END
having led the world in this mad race i pray that we may have the wisdom and courage to lead it out of the race . END
are we to be the master of the atom , or will the atom be our master -- and destroy us ! ! END
why trust UNK ? ? END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
just because UNK UNK , new boss of british UNK , was educated in the united states is no reason to think he isn't a red . END
we have quite a few UNK specimens of our own . END
if we go all UNK over this newest castro ( until he proves he isn't ) we've got rocks in our heads . END
how many times must we get burned before we learn ? ? END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
just to remind the communists that the bombs dropped on japan were to end a war not start one . END
the war could have continued many years with many thousands killed on both sides . END
intelligent people will admit that bombs and rockets of destruction are frightening whether they fall on japan , london or pearl harbor . END
that is why the united nations was formed so that intelligent men with good intentions from all countries could meet and solve problems without UNK to war . END
russia has showed its intentions by exploding bombs in peace time to try to frighten the world . END
why aren't the soviets expelled from the u.n. ? ? END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
while `` better late than never '' may have certain merits , the UNK award of the nobel prize for peace to the late dag hammarskjold strikes me as less than a satisfactory expression of appreciation . END
had it been bestowed while the secretary general of the united nations was living , unquestionably he would have been greatly encouraged in pursuing a difficult and , in many ways , UNK task . END
according to one report , however , mr. hammarskjold was considered `` too controversial '' a figure to warrant bestowal of the coveted honor last spring . END
actually , of course , that label `` controversial '' applied only because he was carrying out the mandate given him by the world organization he headed rather than following the dictates of the soviet union . END
at khrushchev's door , therefore , can be placed the primary blame but also at fault are those who permitted themselves to be UNK . END
it is well for us to remember that a wreath on a coffin never can UNK for flowers withheld while they still can be enjoyed . END
as has happened so often in the past , the ability to recognize true greatness has been inadequate and UNK . END
' people to people ' END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
just a brief note of appreciation to vice president johnson and UNK UNK driver UNK UNK for providing a first-class example of `` people to people '' good will . END
if only this could be done more often -- with such heartening results -- many of the earth's `` big problems '' would shrink to the UNK they really are . END
thanks for your good coverage of UNK visit , too ! ! END
expressway answer : east river drive END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
your continuing editorials concerning the schuylkill expressway are valuable ; ; END
however , several pertinent considerations deserve recognition . END
one of the problems associated with the expressway stems from the basic idea . END
we UNK a large percentage of the cars across the river twice . END
they start on the east side of the schuylkill , have to cross over to the west to use the expressway and cross over again to the east at their destination . END
bridges , UNK and UNK are the most common methods of river UNK . END
each one of these is , by its nature , a focal point or a point of natural congestion . END
we should avoid these congestion points or , putting it another way , keep cars starting and ending on the east side of the river -- on the east side . END
this can be accomplished by several logical steps : ( 1 ) END
widen the east river drive at least one lane . END
so widen it as to minimize the present curves and eliminate drainage problems . END
paint continuous lane stripes and install overhead directional lights as on our bridges . END
one additional lane would then be directional with the traffic burden and effectively increase the traffic carrying capability of the east river drive by fifty percent . END
this could be accomplished without the tremendous expenditures necessitated by the schuylkill expressway and without destroying the natural beauty of the east river drive . END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
i wish to advocate two drastic changes in washington square : 1 . END
take away george washington's statue . END
replace it with the statue of one or another of the world's famous UNK . END
there's no sense in being reminded of times that were . END
washington square seems not part of a free land . END
it may remind one of russia , china or east berlin ; ; END
but it can't remind one of the freedom that washington and the continental soldiers fought for . END
the UNK park commission will no doubt approve my two proposals , because it is responsible for the change of ideological atmosphere in the square . END
the matter may seem a small thing to some people , i know , but it's a very good start on the road to UNK the commission has posted signs in washington square saying : END
the feeding of birds is prohibited in this square . END
does each UNK of the UNK of city government reach out and lash at whatever it dislikes or considers an annoyance ? ? END
if birds don't belong in a square or park , what does ? ? END
they are the most beautiful part of that little piece of nature . END
the trees are their homes ; ; END
but the commission does not share such sentiments . END
the whole official city apparently has an intense hatred toward birds . END
UNK and UNK are scared off by canon , from city hall . END
just a preliminary measure . END
if any are left , presently , we may expect to see signs specifically prohibiting the feeding of them too . END
the city government is not united in an all-out , UNK drive to stamp out gangs , UNK , UNK , murderers , UNK , UNK . END
let every policeman and park guard keep his eye on john and jane UNK , lest one piece of bread be placed UNK and one bird survive . END
of course , in this small way of forcing the people to watch as tiny and innocent and dependent creatures die because we're afraid to feed them and afraid to protest and say , `` how come ? ? END
what's your motive ? ? END
who wants this deed done '' ? ? END
-- in this small way do the leaders of a city , or of a nation , UNK the masses to watching , or even UNK , UNK and death , upon even their fellow men . END
one means to help the birds occurs to me : let the UNK that ring over washington square twice daily , UNK any piece of music but one . END
let them offer on behalf of those creatures whose melody has been the joy of mankind since time began , the hymn `` abide with me '' . END
we will know , and he will know , to whom it is rendered , what the birds would ask : END
to the editor of the inquirer : END
there is a trend today to UNK the fact that americans are too `` soft '' . END
unfortunately , those who would remedy our `` softness '' seek to do so with calisthenics . END
they are working on the wrong part of our anatomy . END
it is not our bodies but our hearts and heads that have grown too soft . END
ashamed of our wealth and power , afraid of so-called world opinion and UNK to peace , we have allowed our UNK to lead to UNK policies . END
when we become firm enough to stand for those ideals which we know to be right , when we become hard enough to refuse to aid nations which do not permit self-determination , when we become strong enough to resist any more drifts towards socialism in our own nation , when we recognize that our enemy is communism not war , and when we realize that concessions to communists do not insure peace or freedom , then , and only then will we no longer be `` soft '' . END
america doesn't need to `` push-up '' , she needs to stand up ! ! END
disputes UNK column business scandal views END
the new column by maurice UNK regarding business scandals , is fair and accurate in most respects and his solution to the problem has some merit . END
however , he states unequivocally `` the scandals in business are far less significant than the scandals in labor '' . END
i must , in fairness , take issue with his premise , primarily because the so-called scandals in labor unions were very much connected with business scandals . END
the area most prominently commented on during the mcclellan hearings had to do with `` sweetheart contracts '' . END
these arrangements would have been impossible if the business community was truly interested in the welfare of its employes . END
a sweetheart arrangement can come about as often by employers doing the UNK as by unscrupulous labor leaders demanding tribute . END
anyone familiar with the details of the mcclellan hearings must at once realize that the sweetheart arrangements augmented employer profits far more than they augmented the earnings of the corruptible labor leaders . END
further , it should be recalled that some very definite steps were taken by congress to combat corruption in the labor movement by its passage of the UNK act . END
the nuclear war is already being fought , except that the bombs are not being dropped on enemy targets -- not yet . END
it is being fought , moreover , in fairly close correspondence with the UNK of the UNK of the think factories . END
they predicted escalation , and escalation is what we are getting . END
the biggest nuclear device the united states has exploded measured some 15 megatons , although our UNK are said to be carrying two UNK bombs UNK . END
some time ago , however , mr. khrushchev decided that when bigger bombs were made , the soviet union would make them . END
he seems to have at least a few UNK and 50-megaton bombs on hand , since we cannot assume that he has exploded his entire stock . END
and now , of course , the UNK and cry for UNK is being raised on our side . END
khrushchev threatens us with a UNK bomb ? ? END
so be it -- then we must embark on a crash program for UNK bombs of the common or hydrogen variety , and UNK bombs , which do not exist but are said to be the coming thing . END
so escalation proceeds , ad UNK or , more accurately , until the contestants begin dropping them on each other instead of on their respective proving grounds . END
what is needed , philip morrison writes in the cornell daily sun ( october 26 ) is a discontinuity . END
the escalation must end sometime , and probably quite soon . END
`` only a discontinuity can end it '' , professor morrison writes . END
`` the discontinuity can either be that of war to destruction , or that of diplomatic policy '' . END
morrison points out that since our country is more urbanized than the soviet union or red china , it is the most vulnerable of the great powers -- europe of course must be written off out of hand . END
he feels , therefore , that to seek a discontinuity in the arms policy of the united states is the least UNK path our government can take . END
his proposal is opposed to that of richard nixon , governor rockefeller , past chairmen UNK and UNK of the atomic energy commission , dr. edward teller and those others now enjoying their hour of triumph in the UNK of the cold war . END
these gentlemen are calling for a resumption of testing -- in the atmosphere -- on the greatest possible scale , all in the name of national security . END
escalation is their first love and their last ; ; END
they will be faithful unto death . END
capable as their minds may be in some directions , these guardians of the nation's security are incapable of learning , or even of observing . END
if this capacity had not failed them , they would see that their enemy has made a disastrous UNK . END
he has gained only one thing -- he has exploded a 50-megaton bomb and he probably has rockets with sufficient thrust to UNK it over the shorter intercontinental ranges . END
but if his purpose was to UNK terror , his action could hardly have UNK more obviously . END
not terror , but anger and resentment have been the general reaction outside the soviet sphere . END
khrushchev himself is reported to be concerned by the surge of UNK he has aroused , yet our own nuclear statesmen seem intent on following UNK in his footsteps . END
when one powerful nation UNK to UNK the success of another , it is only natural . END
thus , when the russians sent up their first UNK , american chagrin was human enough , and american determination to put american satellites into orbit was perfectly understandable . END
but to imitate an opponent when he has made the mistake of his life would be a new high in UNK folly . END
when east germans fled to the west by the thousands , UNK of joy rose from the throats of western UNK . END
they are less vocal now , when it is the west UNK who are UNK . END
the flood is not as great -- only 700 a week according to one apparently conservative account -- but it is symptomatic . END
west berlin morale is low and , in age distribution , the situation is unfavorable . END
nearly 18 per cent of west berlin's UNK residents are sixty-five or older , only UNK per cent are under fifteen . END
r. h. s. UNK , UNK , writing in the manchester guardian , states that departures from west berlin are now running at the rate not of 700 , but of UNK a week , and applications to leave have risen to UNK a week . END
the official statistics show that 60 per cent are employed workers or independent professional people . END
whole families are moving and removal firms are booked for months ahead . END
the weekly loss is partly UNK by 500 UNK each week from west germany , but the hard truth , says UNK , is that `` the closing off of east berlin without interference from the west and with the use only of east german , as distinct from russian , troops was a major communist victory , which dealt west berlin a deadly , possibly a fatal , blow . END
the gallant UNK is dying on its feet '' . END
another piece of evidence appears in a dispatch from bonn in the observer ( london ) . END
mark UNK writes : `` people are leaving ( west berlin ) because they think it is dying . END
they are leaving so fast that the president of the west german UNK federation issued an appeal this week to factory workers in the west to volunteer for six months' UNK work in factories in west berlin . END
berlin's UNK is amazing , but if it has to hire its labor in the west the struggle will be hard indeed '' . END
the handwriting is on the wall . END
the only hope for west berlin lies in a compromise which will bring down the wall and UNK the city . END
state department officials refusing to show their passes at the boundary , and driving two blocks into east berlin under military escort , will not avail . END
tanks lined up at the border will be no more helpful . END
the materials for compromise are at hand : the nation , walter UNK and other sober UNK ( see alan clark on p. UNK ) have spelled them out again and again . END
a compromise will leave both sides without the glow of triumph , but it will save berlin . END
or the city can be a graveyard monument to western UNK , if that is what the west wants . END
the removal of stalin's body from the UNK he shared with lenin to less distinguished quarters in the kremlin wall is not unprecedented in history . END
it is , in fact , a relatively mild UNK of the dead . END
a british writer , richard UNK , in a book , dead men tell tales , recalls that in the turmoil preceding the french revolution the body of henry 4 , , who had died nearly 180 years earlier , was torn to pieces by a mob . END
and in england , after the restoration , the body of cromwell was UNK and hanged at UNK . END
the head was then fixed on a pole at westminster , and the rest of the body was buried under the UNK . END
contemplating these UNK UNK , stalin should not lose all hope . END
in UNK , parliament erected a statue to cromwell in westminster , facing UNK and there , presumably , he still stands . END
nikita khrushchev , however , has created yet another problem for himself . END
the lenin tomb is obviously adequate for double occupancy , moscow is a crowded city , and the creed of communism UNK waste . END
who will take stalin's place beside lenin ? ? END
there is karl marx , of course , buried in london . END
the UNK government might be willing to let him go , but he has been dead UNK years and even the soviet UNK could not make him look UNK . END
who , then , is of sufficient stature to lodge with lenin ? ? END
who but nikita himself ? ? END
since he has just shown who is top dog , he may not be ready to receive this highest honor in the gift of the soviet people . END
besides , he can hardly avoid UNK on the instability of death which , what with UNK and UNK , seems to match that of life . END
suppose he did lie beside lenin , would it be permanent ? ? END
if some future khrushchev decided to rake up the misdeeds of his revered predecessor , would not the factory workers pass the same resolutions UNK his UNK ? ? END
when a man is laid to rest , he is entitled to stay put . END
if nikita buys a small plot in some modest rural cemetery , everyone will understand . END
the appointment of u thant of burma as the u.n.'s acting secretary general -- at this writing , the choice appears to be certain -- offers further proof that in politics it is more important to have no influential enemies than to have influential friends . END
UNK slim of UNK and frederick UNK of ireland were early favorites in the running , but france didn't like the former and the soviet union would have none of the latter . END
with the UNK maintaining pressure for one of their own to succeed mr. hammarskjold , u thant emerged as the only possible candidate unlikely to be UNK by a veto . END
what is interesting is that his positive qualifications for the post were revealed only as a kind of tail to his candidacy . END
in all the bitter UNK , the UNK over election procedures , the complicated numbers game that east and west played on the assistant UNK theme , the gentleman from burma showed himself both as a man of principle and a skilled diplomat . END
he has , moreover , another qualification which UNK well for the future . END
he is a buddhist , which means that to him peace and the UNK of human life are not only religious dogma , but a profound and UNK UNK . END
u thant of course , will hold office until the spring of 1963 , when mr. hammarskjold's term would have come to an end . END
whether the UNK -- on both sides -- that made possible the interim appointment can then be repeated remains to be seen . END
mr. khrushchev's demand for a UNK is dormant , not dead ; ; END
the west may or not remain satisfied with the kind of neutralism that u thant represents . END
in a sense , the showdown promised by mr. hammarskjold's sudden and tragic death has been avoided ; ; END
no UNK have been set as yet ; ; END
UNK , the u.n. is still fluid , vulnerable to the pressures that its new and enlarged membership are bringing to bear upon it . END
but at least the UNK who believed that the world organization had plunged to its death in that plane crash in the congo have been proved wrong . END
to the hills , girls END
no one who has studied the radical right can suppose that words are their sole UNK in trade . END
these are UNK which UNK action -- and they are beginning to get it , as UNK UNK and UNK report on page UNK . END
even in areas where political UNK are ( deliberately ? ? END
) left vague , the spirit of UNK is spreading . END
friends , a picture magazine distributed by chevrolet dealers , describes a UNK organization of employees of the gulf telephone company at UNK , alabama . END
`` if the day should ever come that foreign invaders UNK ashore along the gulf coast '' , the account reads , `` they can count on heavy opposition from a group of UNK telephone employees -- all girls . END
heavily armed and mobilized as a UNK civil defense outfit , 23 operators and office personnel stand ready to move into action at a UNK notice '' . END
according to friends , the unit was organized by john UNK , a former world war 2 , UNK who is vice president and general manager of the telephone company . END
the girls , very UNK in their uniforms , are shown firing rockets from a UNK mounted on a dump truck ; ; END
they are also trained with UNK , automatic weapons , pistols , rifles and other such ladies' accessories . END
this may be opera UNK now , but it will become more serious should the cold war mount in frenzy . END
the country is committed to the doctrine of security by military means . END
the doctrine has never worked ; ; END
it is not working now . END
the official military establishment can only threaten to use its nuclear arms ; ; END
it cannot bring them into actual play . END
a more dangerous formula for national frustration cannot be imagined . END
as the civic temper rises , the more naive citizens begin to play soldier -- but the guns are real . END
soon they will begin to hunt down the traitors they are assured are in our midst . END
all false gods resemble UNK , at least in the early phases of their careers , so it would be UNK to expect any form of UNK to become widespread without the accompaniment of human sacrifice . END
but there is reason in all things , and in this country the UNK cult of the UNK is exceeding all bounds in its demands . END
the annual butchery of 40,000 american men , women and children to UNK its UNK is excessive ; ; END
a quota of 25,000 a year would be more than sufficient . END
no other popular idol is accorded even that much grace . END
if the railroads , for example , regularly UNK 25,000 passengers each year , the high priests of the cult would have cause to tremble for their personal safety , for such a holocaust would UNK demands for the hanging of every railroad president in the united states . END
but by comparison with the railroad , the motor car is a relatively new object of popular worship , so it is too much to hope that it may be brought within the bounds of civilized usage quickly and easily . END
yet it is plainly time to make a start , and to be effective the first move should be highly dramatic , without being UNK . END
here , then , is what swift would have called a modest proposal by way of a beginning . END
from next new year's day let us keep careful account of each successive UNK on the highways , UNK it on all media of communication . END
to avoid suspicion of UNK , let the hand of vengeance be stayed until the UNK has picked up the twenty-five UNK corpse ; ; END
but let the twenty-five thousand and first butchery be the signal for the arrest of the 50 state highway commissioners . END
then let the whole lot be hanged in a public mass execution on july 4 , 1963 . END
the scene , of course , should be nine miles northwest of UNK , illinois , the geographical center of population according to the census . END
a special UNK , protected by UNK from the UNK sun of illinois , should be erected for occupancy by honored guests , who should include the ambassadors of all those new african nations as yet not quite convinced that the united states is thoroughly civilized . END
the band should play the UNK march as a UNK , switching to `` hail columbia , happy land '' ! ! END
as the trap is sprung . END
independence day is the appropriate date as a UNK reminder of the american article of faith that governments are instituted among men to secure to them certain UNK rights , the first of which is life , and when any government becomes UNK of that end , it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it . END
the highway system is an agency of government , and when it UNK up 40,000 americans every year the government is destroying its own taxpayers , which is obviously a silly thing for any government to do . END
hanging the responsible officials would not abolish the government , but would emphasize its accountability for the lives of its individual citizens , which would certainly alter it , and definitely for the better . END
moreover , the UNK effects would not be exclusively political , but at least partially , and perhaps primarily social . END
it would challenge sharply not the cult of the motor car itself but some of its UNK beliefs and practices -- for instance , the doctrine that the fulfillment of life consists in proceeding from UNK to UNK , not for any advantage to be gained by arrival but merely to avoid the cardinal sin of UNK , or , as it is generally termed , staying put . END
true , the adherents of staying put are now reduced to a minor , even a UNK UNK , and their credo , `` UNK hearts are UNK '' , is as UNK as UNK . END
nonetheless , although few in number they are a stubborn crew , as UNK of life as the UNK baptists , which suggests that there is some kind of vital principle embodied in their faith . END
perhaps there is more truth than we are UNK to admit in the conviction of that ornament of UNK , robert UNK grandfather , who was persuaded that the great curse of the modern world is `` all this UNK '' . END
in any event , the yearly sacrifice of 40,000 victims is a UNK too large to be justified by the most ardent faith . END
somehow our contemporary UNK must be induced to see reason . END
since appeals to morality , to humanity , and to sanity have had such small effect , perhaps our last recourse is the deterrent example . END
if we make it established custom that whenever butchery on the highways grows excessive , say beyond 25,000 per UNK , then somebody is going to hang , it follows that the more eminent the victim , the more impressive the lesson . END
to hang 50 governors might be preferable except that they are not directly related to the highways ; ; END
so , all things considered , the highway commissioners would seem to be elected . END
as the new clouds of radioactive fallout spread silently and UNK around the earth , the soviet union stands guilty of a monstrous crime against the human race . END
but the guilt is shared by the united states , britain and france , the other members of the atomic club . END
until moscow resumed nuclear testing last september 1 , the us and UNK had released more than twice as much radiation into the atmosphere as the russians , and the fallout from the earlier blasts is still coming down . END
as it UNK , the concentration of UNK builds up in the human body ; ; END
for a dose of radiation is not like a flu virus which causes temporary discomfort and then dies . END
the effect of radiation is cumulative over the years -- and on to succeeding generations . END
so , while we properly UNK against the new UNK , history is not likely to justify the pose of righteousness which some in the west were so quick to assume when mr. khrushchev made his cynical and irresponsible threat . END
shock , dismay and foreboding for future generations were legitimate reactions ; ; END
a UNK sermon was not . END
on october 19 , after the soviets had UNK at least 20 nuclear devices , ambassador stevenson warned the un general assembly that this country , in `` self protection '' , might have to resume UNK tests . END
more recently , the chairman of the atomic energy commission , dr. glenn t. UNK , `` admitted '' to a news conference in las vegas , nevada , that the us might fall behind russia ( he apparently meant in weapons development ) if the soviets continue to test in the atmosphere while we UNK . END
the trial UNK are afloat . END
all of which makes it more imperative than ever that the biological and genetic effects of fallout be understood . END
but for the average citizen , unfortunately , this is one of UNK UNK channels , full of UNK currents and unknown depths . END
the scientists , in and out of government , do not agree on some of the most vital points , at least publicly . END
on the one hand , the public health service declared as recently as october 26 that present radiation levels resulting from the soviet shots `` do not warrant undue public concern '' or any action to limit the intake of radioactive substances by individuals or large population groups anywhere in the aj . END
but the UNK conceded that the new radioactive particles `` will add to the risk of genetic effects in succeeding generations , and possibly to the risk of health damage to some people in the united states '' . END
then it added : `` it is not possible to determine how extensive these ill effects will be -- nor how many people will be affected '' . END
having UNK its UNK in this way , UNK apparently decided it would be possible to make some sort of determination after all : `` at present radiation levels , and even at somewhat higher levels , the additional risk is slight and very few people will be affected '' . END
then , to conclude on an indeterminate note : `` nevertheless , if fallout increased substantially , or remained high for a long time , it would become far more important as a potential health hazard in this country and throughout the world '' . END
dr. UNK pauling , a nobel prize winner in chemistry , has been less ambiguous , whether you choose to agree with him or not . END
after declaring , in an article last month in frontier magazine , that the russian testing `` carries with it the possibility of the most tragic consequences of any action in the history of the world '' , he gave this estimate of the UNK and genetic consequences if the new soviet shots totaled 200 megatons : END
the damage to human UNK UNK would be such that in the next few generations UNK children around the world would be born with gross physical or mental defects . END
UNK UNK from the fusion process would cause four million UNK , UNK or childhood deaths and UNK over the next 20 generations , and between 200,000 and one million human beings now living would have their lives cut short by UNK diseases such as UNK . END
most of these would be in the northern hemisphere , where the fallout is concentrating . END
UNK estimate of 200 megatons yield from the present series of russian tests will probably turn out to be too high , but a total of 100 megatons is a distinct possibility . END
the lack of scientific unanimity on the effects of radiation is due in part to insufficient data covering large population groups , from which UNK generalizations could be drawn . END
but more than one conscientious UNK has been inhibited from completely frank discussion of the available evidence by the less UNK fact that fallout has been made a political issue as well as a scientific problem . END
its dangerous effects have been UNK to the public by some who believe national security requires further testing . END
an illustration of this attitude is found in john a. UNK letter to dr. thomas UNK , reported in a note elsewhere in this issue of the new republic . END
to this day the atomic energy commission UNK away from discussing the health aspects of fallout . END
a recent study on radiation exposure by the UNK division of biology and medicine stated : `` the question of the biological effect of ( radiation ) doses is not considered '' UNK . END
of course , the UNK is in a bind now . END
if it comes down too hard on the potential dangers of fallout , it will box the president on UNK atmospheric tests . END
so the UNK announcements of the new soviet shots have been confined to one or two bleak sentences , with the fission yield usually left vague . END
now , of course , that the russians are the nuclear villains , radiation is a UNK word than it was in the UNK , when the us was testing in the atmosphere . END
the prevailing official attitude then seemed to be that fallout , if not exactly good for you , might not be much worse than a bad cold . END
after a nuclear blast , one UNK suggested in those UNK days , about all you had to do was haul out the UNK and sweep off your sidewalks and roof . END
things aren't that simple anymore . END
yet if washington gets too indignant about soviet fallout , it will have to do a lot of fast UNK if america decides it too must start pushing up the radiation count . END
how much fallout will we get ? ? END
as of october 25 , the UNK had reported 24 shots in the new soviet series , 12 of them in a UNK range , including a super bomb with a yield of 30 to 50 megatons ( the equivalent of 30 million to 50 million tons of tnt ) ; ; END
and president kennedy indicated there were one or two more than those reported . END
assuming the lower figure for the big blast and one shot estimated by the japanese at 10 megatons , a conservative computation is that the 24 announced tests produced a total yield of at least 60 megatons . END
some government scientists say privately that the figure probably is closer to 80 megatons , and that the full 50-megaton bomb that khrushchev mentioned may still be UNK . END
if the new soviet series has followed the general pattern of previous russian tests , the shots were roughly half fission and half fusion , meaning a fission yield of 30 to 40 megatons thus far . END
to this must be added the 90 to UNK megatons of fission yield produced between the dawn of the atomic age in 1945 and the informal UNK test UNK that began in november , 1958 . END
one of the inescapable realities of the cold war is that it has thrust upon the west a wholly new and historically unique set of moral UNK . END
the first dilemma was the morality of nuclear warfare itself . END
that dilemma is as much with us as ever . END
the second great dilemma has been the morality of nuclear testing , a dilemma which has suddenly become acute because of the present series of soviet tests . END
when this second dilemma first became obvious -- during the UNK to late UNK -- the united states appeared to have three choices . END
it could have UNK abandoned further testing on the grounds of the radiation hazard to future generations . END
it could have continued testing to the full on the grounds that the radiation danger was far less than the danger of communist world domination . END
or it could have chosen to find -- by negotiation -- some way of stopping the tests without loss to national security . END
this third choice was in fact made . END
with the resumption of soviet testing and their UNK at the geneva talks , however , the hope that this third choice would prove viable has been shaken . END
once again , the united states must choose . END
and once again , the choices are much the same . END
only this time around the conditions are different and the choice is far harder . END
the first choice , abandoning tests entirely , would not only be unpopular UNK , but would surely be exploited by the russians . END
the second choice , full testing , has become even more UNK just because the current soviet tests have already UNK UNK the atmosphere . END
the third choice , negotiation , UNK , as russian behavior demonstrates , a great deal of wishful thinking to make it appear reasonable . END
we take the position , however , that the third choice still remains the only sane one open to us . END
it is by no stretch of the imagination a happy choice and the arguments against it as a practical strategy are formidable . END
its primary advantage is that it is a moral choice ; ; END
one which , should it fail , will not have UNK the conscience . END
that is the contamination we most fear . END
leaving aside the choice of UNK UNK of tests as neither sane nor clearly moral , the question must arise as to why resumption of atmospheric tests on our part would not be a good choice . END
for that is the one an increasingly large number of prominent americans are now proposing . END
in particular , governor nelson rockefeller has expressed as UNK and clearly as anyone the case for a resumption of atmospheric tests . END
speaking recently in miami , governor rockefeller said that `` to assure the UNK of our own weapons in the face of the recent soviet tests , we are now clearly compelled to conduct our own nuclear tests '' . END
taking account of the fact that such a move on our part would be unpopular in world opinion , he argued that the responsibility of the united states is `` to do , UNK and firmly , not what is popular , but what is right '' . END
what was missing in the governor's argument , as in so many similar arguments , was a premise which would enable one to make the ethical leap from what might be UNK desirable to what is right . END
the possibility , as he asserted , that the russians may get ahead of us or come closer to us because of their tests does not supply the needed ethical premise -- unless , of course , we have unwittingly become so UNK that nuclear superiority is now taken as a moral demand . END
besides the lack of an adequate ethical dimension to the governor's case , one can ask seriously whether our lead over the russians in quality and quantity of nuclear weapons is so slight as to make the tests absolutely necessary . END
recent statements by the president and defense department spokesmen have , to the contrary , assured us that our lead is very great . END
unless the administration and the defense department have been UNK us , the facts do not support the assertion that we are `` compelled '' to resume atmospheric testing . END
it is perfectly conceivable that a resumption of atmospheric tests may , at some point in the future , be necessary and even justifiable . END
but a resumption does not seem justifiable now . END
what we need to realize is that the increasingly great contamination of the atmosphere by the soviet tests had radically increased our own moral obligations . END
we now have to think not only of our national security but also of the future generations who will suffer from any tests we might undertake . END
this is an ethical demand which cannot be UNK or UNK over by talking exclusively of weapon superiority or even of the evil of communism . END
too often in the past russian tactics have been used to justify like tactics on our part . END
there ought to be a point beyond which we will not allow ourselves to go regardless of what russia does . END
the refusal to resume atmospheric testing would be a good start . END
when his UNK pope john 23 , first called for an ecumenical council , and at the same time voiced his yearning for christian unity , the enthusiasm among catholic and protestant UNK was immediate . END
with good reason it appeared that a new day was upon divided UNK . END
but as the more concrete plans for the work of the council gradually became known , there was a rather sharp and abrupt disappointment on all sides . END
the council we now know will concern itself directly only with the internal affairs of the church . END
as it has turned out , however , the excessive enthusiasm in the first instance and the loss of hope in the second were both wrong responses . END
two things have happened in recent months to bring the council into perspective : each provides a basis for renewed hope and joy . END
first of all , it is now known that pope john sees the renewal and UNK of the church as an absolutely necessary step toward christian unity . END
far from being irrelevant to the ecumenical task , the UNK believes that a UNK church is required in order that the whole world may see catholicism in the best possible light . END
equally significant , pope john has said that catholics themselves bear some responsibility for christian UNK . END
a major aim of the council will be to remove as far as possible whatever in the church today stands in the way of unity . END
secondly , a whole series of addresses and actions by the pope and by others show that concern for christian unity is still very much alive and growing within the church . END
the establishment , by the holy father , of a permanent secretariat for christian unity in 1960 was the most dramatic mark of this concern . END
the designation of five catholic theologians to attend the world council of churches assembly in new delhi as `` official '' observers UNK the church's earlier stand . END
the public appeal by the new vatican secretary of state , cardinal UNK , for renewed efforts toward eastern and western reunion was still another remarkable act . END
nor can one forget pope john's unprecedented meeting with the archbishop of canterbury . END
UNK cardinal UNK , the director of the UNK for christian unity , has expressed as directly as anyone the new spirit that UNK the church's stance toward the protestant and orthodox churches . END
noting all the difficulties that stand in the way of reunion , he has said that they ought not to discourage anyone . END
for UNK , or the temptation to abandon our efforts , `` would show that one placed excessive trust in purely human means without thinking of the UNK of god , the irresistible efficacy of prayer , the action of christ or the power of the divine spirit '' . END
can any christian fail to respond to these words ? ? END
the administration's official budget review , which estimates a UNK billion dollar deficit for the current fiscal year , isn't making anyone happy . END
certainly it isn't making the president happy , and he has been doing his UNK best to explain how the budget got into its UNK condition , how he intends to UNK wherever he can and how he hopes to do better next year . END
we sympathize with mr. kennedy , but we feel bound to say that his budget review doesn't please us either , although for very different reasons . END
furthermore , we find his defense of the UNK budget more UNK than reassuring . END
in the first place , a large part of the discrepancy between president eisenhower's estimate of a 1.5 billion dollar surplus for the same period and the new estimate of an almost seven billion dollar deficit is the result of the outgoing president's farewell gift of a political UNK to his successor . END
the eisenhower budget was simultaneously inadequate in its provisions and yet extravagant in its projections of revenue to be received . END
the rest of the deficit is also easily understood . END
four billion dollars of the spending increase is for defense , an expenditure necessitated by the UNK policies of the UNK administration , quite apart from the recent crises in berlin and elsewhere . END
four hundred million dollars of the increase is for the expanded space program , a responsibility similarly neglected by mr. eisenhower . END
the farm program will cost an additional 1.5 billion , because of unusual weather factors , the food for peace program and other new measures . END
UNK programs -- aid for the unemployed , their children and for depressed areas -- account for only UNK million of the UNK billion dollar deficit . END
our complaint is that in many crucial areas the kennedy programs are not too large but too small , most seriously in regard to the conventional arms build-up and in aid and welfare measures . END
and yet mr. kennedy persists in trying to UNK the UNK of the right with apologies and promises of `` tightening up '' and `` UNK '' . END
we wish the president would remember that `` fiscal responsibility '' was the UNK of the party that lost the election . END
the party that won used to say something about a new frontier . END
introduction of the `` dialogue '' principle proved strikingly effective at the UNK annual meeting of the catholic association for international peace in washington the last weekend in october . END
two of the principal addresses were delivered by prominent protestants , and when the speaker was a catholic , one `` UNK '' on the UNK tended to be of another religious persuasion . END
several effects were immediately evident . END
sessions devoted to `` ethics and foreign policy trends '' , `` moral principle and political judgment '' , `` christian ethics in the cold war '' and related subjects proved to be much UNK under this procedure than if catholics were merely talking to themselves . END
usually questions from the floor were directed to the non-catholic speaker or discussion leader . END
in the earlier sessions there was plentiful discussion on the natural law , which dr. william v. UNK of UNK university , advanced as the basis for widely acceptable ethical judgments on foreign policy . END
that UNK principle experienced a thorough UNK from a number of the participants , but in the end the concept came to UNK itself . END
speakers declared that protestants often make use of it , if , perhaps , by some other name . END
a UNK UNK told about its existence and application in the UNK tradition as the `` divine law '' , while a UNK member who has been working in close association with delegates of the new u.n. nations told of its widespread recognition on the african continent . END
the impression was unmistakable that , whatever one may choose to call it , natural law is a functioning UNK with a certain objective existence . END
another question that arose was the nature of the dialogue itself . END
the stimulus from the confrontation of philosophical systems involving certain differences was undeniable . END
it was expected that the comparison of different approaches to ethics would produce a better grasp of each other's positions and better comprehension of one's own . END
but a realization that each group has much of substance to learn from the other also developed , and a strong conviction grew that each had insights and dimensions to contribute to UNK acceptable solutions of urgent political issues . END
one effect of the spirited UNK of these discussions was to focus attention on practical applications and the necessity of being armed with the facts : knowledge of the destructive force of even the UNK `` tactical '' atomic weapon would have a bearing on judgments as to the advisability of its use -- to defend berlin , for example ; ; END
the pervasive influence of ideology on our political judgments needs to be recognized and taken into due account ; ; END
it is necessary to perceive the extent of foreign aid demanded by the christian imperative . END
everywhere i went in formosa i asked the same question . END
i was searching for an accent of UNK or , even , of hypocrisy . END
i never found it among any of the chinese with whom i spoke , though granted they were , almost all , members of the official family who , presumably , harbor official thoughts . END
but i questioned , also , professional soldiers , who would not easily be UNK by a UNK dreamy UNK . END
their answer was : it can be done , and we will do it . END
and then i put the question as UNK as i could directly to chiang UNK : `` in america '' , i said , `` practically no one believes that you subjectively intend to re-enter the mainland . END
what evidence is there of an objective kind that in fact your government proposes to do just that , and that it can be done '' ? ? END
( he always smiles -- at least at visitors , i gather . END
he smiled also at a british UNK seated next to me , who asked the most UNK questions . END
i recalled sympathetically the UNK complaint in UNK `` my last UNK '' . END
) he smiled , and said a word or two to the interpreter , who turned to me , `` the president wonders where you are going after you leave UNK '' ? ? END
that , i UNK , is a royal rebuff if ever there was one . END
i answered the routine question about my UNK , rather coolly . END
chiang spoke again , this time at greater length . END
`` the president says '' , the UNK came in , `` that the reason he asked you where you were going is because he hoped you would be visiting other areas in southeast asia , and that everywhere you went , you would seek the answer to your question . END
he says that if he were to express to you , once again , his own profound determination to go to the mainland , and his faith that that return is feasible , he would merely sound redundant . END
so you yourself must seek these objective data , and come to your own conclusions . END
any information we have here in taiwan is at your disposal '' . END
what are the relevant data ? ? END
for every person on taiwan , there are sixty in mainland china . END
if the raw population figures are UNK relevant , then it is idle to think of liberation , as idle as to suppose that poland might liberate russia . END
relative military manpower ? ? END
less than UNK , but at least UNK . END
the estimates vary widely on the strength of the chinese army . END
the armed forces of taiwan are at a working strength of about UNK , though a reserve potential twice that high is contemplated . END
it is generally conceded that the UNK air force is the best by far in asia , and the army the best trained . END
the morale is very high . END
even so , it adds up to impossible odds , except that the question arises , on whose side would the mainland chinese army fight ? ? END
the miserable people of china , the largest cast ever UNK to enact an ideological passion play , cannot themselves resist UNK . END
they think , UNK , of physical survival : everything else is secondary . END
but the army which mao continues to feed well , where are its sympathies ? ? END
the psychological strategists in taiwan stress the great sense of family , cultivated in china over thousands of years . END
it has not been UNK by ten years of communist UNK . END
every soldier in the army has , somewhere , relatives who are close to starvation . END
the soldiers themselves cannot stage a successful rebellion , it is assumed : but will their discontent spread to the officer class ? ? END
the immediate families of the generals and the UNK are well fed : a UNK does not UNK on his generals . END
but there are the cousins and aunts and nephews . END
their UNK are almost beyond endurance . END
in behalf of what ? ? END
UNK , as understood by UNK mao . END
to whom will the generals stay loyal ? ? END
there is little doubt if they had a secret ballot , they would vote for food for their family , in place of ideological purity out on the farm . END
it is another question whether `` they '' -- or a single general , off in a corner of china , secure for a few ( UNK ? ? END
) days at least from instant retaliation -- will defy the party . END
but the disposition to rebel is most definitely there . END
but there must be a UNK pressure . END
the military in taiwan believe that the communists have made two mistakes , which , together , may prove fatal . END
the first was the commune program , which will ensure agricultural poverty for years . END
the family is largely broken up ; ; END
and where it is not , it is left with no residue , and the social meaning of this is enormous . END
for it is the family that , in china , has always provided social security for the UNK , the sick , the UNK members of the UNK . END
now the government must do that ; ; END
but the government is left with no reserve UNK , under the agricultural system it has ordained . END
thus the government simultaneously undertook the vast burden of social security which had traditionally been privately discharged , and created a national UNK which has engendered UNK problems of social security . END
the second mistake is tibet . END
tibet has historically served china as a buffer state . END
a friendly state , sometimes only UNK , but never hostile . END
china never tried to integrate tibet by UNK the people's religion and institutions . END
red china is trying to do this , and she is not likely ever to succeed . END
tibet is too vast , the terrain is too difficult . END
tibet may UNK china as UNK is bleeding france . END
these continuing pressures , social , economic and military , are doing much to keep china in a UNK state of tension . END
the imposition of yet another pressure , a strong one , from the outside , might cause it to snap . END
the planners in taiwan struck me as realistic men . END
they know that they must depend heavily on factors outside their own control . END
first and foremost , they depend on the inhuman UNK of the communist regime . END
on these they feel they can rely . END
secondly , they depend on america's `` moral cooperation '' when the crucial moment arrives . END
they hope that if history UNK the west another budapest , we will receive the opportunity gladly . END
i remarked UNK to the president that the future of china would be far more certain if he would invite a UNK of selected american liberals to UNK on an odd day . END
he affected ( most properly ) not to understand my point . END
but he -- and all of china -- wears the scars of american UNK , and he knows what an uncertain ally we are . END
we have been grand to formosa itself -- lots of aid , and , most of the time , a policy of support for the UNK islands . END
but our outlook has been , and continues to be , defensive . END
a great deal depends on the UNK of mr. kennedy's views on the world struggle . END
the free chinese know that the situation on the mainland is in flux , and are poised to strike . END
there is not anywhere on the frontiers of freedom a more highly mobilized force for liberation . END
the moment of truth is the moment of crisis . END
during the slow UNK , the essence of a policy or a man is concealed under embroidered details , fine words , UNK gestures . END
the crisis burns these suddenly away . END
there the truth is , open to eyes that are willing to look . END
new UNK rags are UNK tossed on the UNK bones . END
a UNK crisis erupted in katanga for a couple of days this month , to be quickly smothered by the high pressure verbal fog that is kept on tap for such emergencies . END
before memory , too , clouds over , let us make a note or two of what could be seen . END
the measure was instantly taken , as always in such cases , of public men at many levels . END
one knows better , now , who has bone and who has UNK in his spine . END
but i am here concerned more with policy than with men . END
public men come and go but great issues of policy remain . END
now , everyone knows -- or knew in the week of december 10 -- that something had gone UNK wrong with american foreign policy . END
the united states was engaged in a military attack on a peaceful , orderly people governed by a regime that had proved itself the most pro-western and anti-communist within any of the new nations -- the only place in africa , moreover , where a productive relationship between whites and UNK had apparently been achieved . END
of course the fighting was officially under the auspices of the united nations . END
but in the moment of truth everyone could see that the u.s. was in reality the principal . END
the moment simultaneously revealed that in the crisis our policy ran counter to that of all our nato allies , to the entire western community . END
by our policy the west was -- is -- split . END
but the key revelation is not new . END
the controlling pattern was first displayed in the UNK crisis of november 1956 . END
it UNK , in whole or part , whenever a new crisis UNK the reality : in cuba last spring ( with which the dominican events of last month should be paired ) ; ; END
at the peaks of the nuclear test and the berlin cycles ; ; END
in relation to laos , UNK , south africa ; ; END
right now , with almost UNK emphasis , in the UNK linked complex of UNK . END
this prime element of the truth may be stated as follows : under prevailing policy , the u.s. can take the initiative against the right , but cannot take the initiative against the left . END
it makes no difference what part of the world is involved , what form of regime , what particular issue . END
the u.s. cannot take the initiative against the left . END
there is even some question whether the u.s. can any longer defend itself against an initiative by the left . END
we can attack tshombe , but not UNK . END
no matter that UNK is moscow's man in the congo . END
no matter that it is his troops who rape western women and eat western men . END
no matter that the katanga operation is UNK insane in terms of western interests in africa . END
( even granted that the congo should be unified , you don't protect western security by first removing the pro-western weight from the power equilibrium . END
we can force britain and france out of the UNK , but we cannot so much as try to force the russian tanks back from budapest . END
we can mass our fleet against the UNK , but not against the UNK . END
we can vote in the un against south african UNK or UNK rule in UNK , but we cannot even introduce a motion on the berlin wall -- much less , give the simple order to push the wall down . END
we officially receive the UNK , UNK algerian UNK , but we denounce the UNK , anti-communist UNK as criminal . END
in the very week of our war against katanga , we make a UNK million grant to UNK UNK , who has just declared his solidarity with the communist bloc , and is busily turning his own country into a totalitarian dictatorship . END
as our planes land the war UNK that kills pro-western UNK , we stand UNK UNK while UNK troops smash into a UNK district of our nato ally , portugal . END
what explains this UNK paralysis ? ? END
it is the consequence of the system of ideas that constitutes the frame of our international -- and in some degree our domestic -- policy . END
the UNK crisis proves that this system was not invented by the new administration , but only made more consistent and more active . END
most immediately relevant to these episodes in UNK , katanga and ghana , as to the UNK crisis before them , is the belief that the main theater of the world drama is the underdeveloped region of asia , africa and latin america . END
from this belief is derived the practical orientation of our policy on the `` UNK '' ( `` neutralist '' , `` UNK '' ) nations , especially on those whose leaders make the most noise -- nehru , UNK , UNK , sukarno , UNK , etc. . END
our chief aim becomes that of finding favor in neutralist eyes . END
if we grasp this orientation as a key , our national conduct in all of the events here mentioned becomes intelligible . END
and it becomes clear why in general we cannot take the initiative against the left . END
to write a play , the UNK once needed an idea plus the imagination , the knowledge of life and the craft to develop it . END
nowadays , more and more , all he needs is someone else's book . END
to get started , he does not scan the world about him ; ; END
he and his prospective producer just read the UNK lists . END
so far this season , UNK premieres have included twice as many adaptations and imports as original american stage plays . END
of straight dramas , there are all the way home , which owes much of its poetic power to the james UNK novel , a death in the family ; ; END
the wall , awkwardly based on the john UNK novel ; ; END
advise and consent , lively but shallow theater drawn from the UNK detailed UNK ; ; END
face of a hero ( closed ) , based on a pierre UNK novel . END
the only original works attempting to reach any stature : tennessee UNK disappointing domestic comedy , period of adjustment , and arthur UNK clever but empty invitation to a march . END
clearly the most provocative plays are all imported UNK -- a taste of honey , by britain's young ( 19 when she wrote it ) UNK UNK ; ; END
UNK , by france's jean UNK ; ; END
the UNK ( closed ) , by UNK UNK UNK . END
among the UNK , UNK came from t. h. white's the once and future king , and novels were the sources of the less than momentous UNK and do UNK UNK . END
wildcat and the unsinkable molly brown were UNK , but pretty bad , leaving top honors again to an import -- the UNK and UNK french UNK la UNK . END
the only other works at least technically original were dreary UNK -- send me no flowers ( closed ) , under the UNK tree , UNK choice . END
in the forthcoming the UNK hero and carnival , broadway is not even UNK books , but UNK old movies ( hail the UNK hero and UNK ) . END
UNK are not necessarily good and adaptations are not necessarily bad . END
some memorable plays have been drawn from books , notably life with father and diary of anne frank . END
and particularly in the musical field , adaptations have long been the rule , from die UNK and the merry widow to UNK and my fair lady . END
as critic walter kerr points out : `` adaptations , so long as they are good , still qualify as creative '' . END
and other defenders invariably argue that , after all , shakespeare and UNK were UNK too . END
the difference is that the masters took the bare frame of a plot and filled it with their own world ; ; END
most modern UNK totally accept the world of a book , squeeze it dry of life , and add only one contribution of their own : stage technique . END
the most frequent excuse for the prevalence of UNK and tested imports is increasing production expense -- producers cannot afford to take chances . END
but that explanation is only partly true . END
UNK , where production is still comparatively cheap , is proving itself only slightly more original . END
UNK enough , it is offering classics and UNK imports , but last week only one u.s. original was on the boards , robert d. UNK stunning civil war work , UNK . END
the real trouble seems to be the failing imagination of u.s. UNK . END
he : `` come with me to the UNK '' . END
she : `` by subway or cab '' ? ? END
that exchange was not only possible but commonplace last week in manhattan , as more and more new UNK were discovering 29th street and eighth avenue , where half a dozen small UNK with names like UNK nights , grecian palace and egyptian gardens are the american UNK of belly dancing . END
several more will open soon . END
their burgeoning popularity may be a result of the closing of the UNK street UNK joints , but curiously enough their atmosphere is almost always familial -- neighborhood saloons with a bit of UNK . END
the belly UNK , with their UNK palm trees or UNK ionic columns , heretofore existed mainly on the patronage of greek and turkish families . END
customers often bring their children ; ; END
between performances , enthusiastic young men from the audience will take the floor to demonstrate their own amateur graces . END
except for the odd uptown sex maniac or an UNK greek sailor , the people watch in calm absorption . END
small , UNK orchestras play in UNK or UNK time , using UNK , UNK , and more alien instruments with names that would open sesame : the UNK , grandfather of the UNK ; ; END
the UNK , a small drum with the UNK shape of a UNK glass ; ; END
the UNK , a UNK UNK . END
the girls sit quietly with the musicians , wearing UNK dresses or plain , secretarial shifts , until it is time to go off to a back room and UNK in the spare uniform of the UNK . END
if a dancer is good , she suggests purely and superbly the fundamental mechanics of ancestry and UNK -- the continuum of mankind . END
but a great many of what variety calls the `` UNK UNK '' are considerably less cosmic than that . END
each dancer follows the ancient oriental pattern -- she UNK UNK with shoulders motionless while her stomach UNK , and , through breathing and muscle control , she sends ripples across her body to the UNK and away to the far end of the room . END
this is done at varying speeds , ranging from the slow and fast UNK UNK ( a musical term meaning double strings ) to the fastest , ecstatic UNK ( meaning greetings or welcome ) . END
the new york dancers are highly UNK , varying the pattern with all kinds of personal UNK , back UNK or floor UNK . END
but they do not strip . END
the UNK is UNK ; ; END
the belly dance leaves more to the imagination . END
when a dancer does well , she provokes a quiet UNK of dollar bills -- although the manhattan clubs UNK the more UNK practice of slipping the tips into the UNK costumes . END
with tips , the girls average between $150 and $200 a week , depending on basic salary . END
although they are forbidden to sit with the customers , the dancers are sometimes UNK drinks , and most of them can bolt one down in UNK . END
all over the country , belly clubs have never been bigger , especially in detroit , boston and chicago , and even in small towns ; ; END
one of the best dancers , a turkish girl named UNK , works at a UNK outside UNK , UNK . END
the girls are kept booked and moving by several agents , notably UNK , UNK UNK UNK , a manhattan turk who is the UNK hurok of the central abdomen . END
he can offer nine turkish girls , plans to import at least 15 more . END
but a great many of the dancers are more or less native . END
sometimes they get their initial experience in church UNK , conducted by UNK and UNK in the u.s. , where they dance with just as few UNK across their bodies as in UNK . END
as the girls come to belly dancing from this and other origins , the melting pot has never UNK more UNK . END
UNK ( UNK : UNK ) , 23 , seems hong kong oriental but has a spanish father and an indian mother , was born in america and educated at holy cross academy and textile high school , says she learned belly dancing at family UNK . END
serene ( mrs. wilson ) , 23 , was born in budapest and raised in manhattan . END
daughter of a gypsy mother who taught her to dance , she is one of the few really beautiful girls in the new york UNK , with dark eyes and dark , UNK hair , the face of an adolescent UNK and a lithe , UNK body . END
many belly dancers are married , but serene is one of the few who will admit it . END
UNK ( UNK : UNK ) , 25 , a brazilian UNK who learned the dance from arabic friends in paris , now lives on UNK west side , is about the best belly dancer working the UNK , loves it so much that she dances on her day off . END
she has the small , highly developed body of a prime athlete , and holds in contempt the `` girls who just move sex '' . END
UNK ( UNK phillips ) , 25 , is a greenwich village painter of UNK UNK who has red hair that UNK almost to her ankles . END
a graduate of hollywood high school , she likes to imagine herself , as she takes the floor , `` a village girl coming in to a festival '' . END
UNK ( UNK : UNK ) , UNK 30 , who was born in italy and once did `` chorus work '' in toronto , has been around longer than most of the others , wistfully remembers the old days when `` we used to get the UNK from the ships , you know , with big UNK sweaters and UNK and all . END
but the ships are very slow now , and we don't get so many sailors any more '' . END
the uptown crowd has moved in , and what girl worth her seventh veil would trade a UNK sweater for a UNK collar ? ? END
a short , UNK span END
of the handful of painters that austria has produced in the 20th century , only one , UNK UNK , is widely known in the u.s. . END
this state of UNK may not last much longer . END
for ten years a small group of european and u.s. critics has been calling attention to the UNK austrian UNK UNK schiele , who died 42 years ago at the age of 28 . END
the UNK campaign finally inspired the first major u.s. exhibit of UNK works . END
the show has been to boston and manhattan , will in time reach pittsburgh and minneapolis . END
last week it opened at the j. b. speed museum in louisville , at the very moment that a second schiele exhibit was being made ready at the felix UNK gallery in los angeles . END
UNK paintings are anything but pleasant . END
his people ( see color ) are angular and UNK , sometimes painfully stretched , sometimes grotesquely UNK . END
his colors are dark and murky , and his landscapes and UNK seem swallowed in gloom . END
but he painted some of the UNK and most original pictures of his time , and even after nearly half a century , the tense , UNK world he put on canvas has lost none of its fascination . END
the son of a railway UNK , schiele lived most of his childhood in the UNK UNK town of UNK , 14 miles northwest of vienna . END
he was an emotional , lonely boy who spent so much time turning out drawings that he did scarcely any UNK . END
when he was 15 , his parents finally allowed him to attend classes at the academy of fine arts in vienna . END
even there he did not last for long . END
cried one professor after a few months of student UNK UNK and rebellion : `` the devil himself must have UNK you into my classroom '' ! ! END
for a while his work was influenced deeply by the french UNK , and by the patterned , UNK paintings of UNK UNK , then the dean of austrian art . END
gradually schiele evolved a UNK style of his own -- and he had few UNK about his subject matter . END
his pictures were UNK denounced as `` the most disgusting things one has ever seen in vienna '' . END
he himself was once convicted of painting UNK and UNK for 24 days -- the first three of which he spent desperately trying to make paintings on the wall with his own UNK . END
for years he wore UNK suits and UNK paper UNK , was even driven to UNK for cigarette butts in UNK UNK . END
drafted into the austrian army , he UNK rejected discipline , UNK a vienna UNK , went on painting . END
it was not until the last year of his life that he had his first UNK show . END
the UNK sexuality of so many of his paintings was not the only thing that kept the public at bay : his view of the world was one of almost unrelieved tragedy , and it was too much even for UNK vienna . END
he was obsessed by disease and poverty , by the melancholy of old age and the tyranny of lust . END
the children he painted were almost always in rags , his portraits were often ruthless to the point of ugliness , and his UNK -- including several UNK -- were UNK , UNK and strangely pathetic . END
the subject he liked most was the female body , which he painted in every state -- naked , UNK , muffled to the ears , sitting UNK in a chair , lying UNK on a bed or locked in an embrace . END
the most surprising thing about the UNK congress of the soviet communist party is that it is surprising -- perhaps quite as much , in its own way , as the twentieth congress of 1956 , which ended with that famous `` secret '' report on stalin . END
the publication last july of the party's draft program -- that UNK for the `` transition to communism '' -- had led the UNK to suppose that this UNK congress would be a sort of UNK of the khrushchev regime , a solemn UNK of ideas which had , in fact , been current over the last three or four years ( i.e. , since the defeat of the `` anti-party group '' ) in all theoretical party journals . END
these never ceased to suggest that if , in the eyes of marx and lenin `` full communism '' was still a very distant ideal , the establishment of a communist society had now , under khrushchev , become an `` immediate and tangible reality '' . END
it seems that khrushchev himself took a very special pride in having made a UNK contribution to UNK doctrine with his draft program ( a large part of his UNK speech at the recent congress was , in fact , very largely a UNK of that interminable document ) . END
he and other soviet leaders responsible for the document were proud of having brought forward some new formulas , such as the early replacement of the dictatorship of the UNK by an `` all people's state '' , and also of having laid down the lines for a much greater `` UNK '' of the whole hierarchy of soviets , starting with the supreme soviet itself . END
their plan for rotation of leaders promised a salutary blow at `` bureaucracy '' and would enable `` the people '' to take a more direct and active part in running the country . END
also , elections would be more democratic ; ; END
there might even be two or more candidates for voters to choose from . END
no doubt , there was still a lot in the draft program -- and in khrushchev's speech -- which left many points obscure . END
was it the party's intention , for example , to abolish gradually the UNK system and replace it by uniformly UNK UNK , i.e. , state farms ( which were , moreover , to be progressively `` urbanized '' ) ? ? END
as we know , the soviet peasant today still very largely UNK on being able to sell the produce grown on his private plot ; ; END
and it is still very far from certain how valid the party's claim is that in `` a growing number of UNK '' the peasants are finding it more profitable , to surrender their private plots to the UNK and to let the latter be turned into something increasingly like a state farm . END
if one follows the reports of the congress , one finds that there still seems considerable uncertainty in the minds of the leaders themselves about what exactly to do in this matter . END
the draft program was interesting in other respects , too . END
it contained , for example , a number of curious UNK about the peasants , who enjoy no sickness benefits , no UNK pensions , no paid holidays ; ; END
they still benefit far less than the `` other '' 50 per cent of the nation from that `` welfare state '' which the soviet union so greatly UNK itself on being . END
over all these fairly awkward problems khrushchev was to UNK rather lightly ; ; END
and , though he repeated , over and over again , the spectacular figures of industrial and agricultural production in 1980 , the `` ordinary '' people in russia are still a little uncertain as to how `` communism '' is really going to work in practice , especially in respect of food . END
would agriculture progress as rapidly as industry ? ? END
this was something on which k. himself seemed to have some doubts ; ; END
for he kept on threatening that he would `` pull the ears '' of those responsible for agricultural production . END
and , as we know , the virgin lands are not producing as much as khrushchev had hoped . END
one cannot but wonder whether these doubts about the success of khrushchev's agricultural policy have not at least something to do with one of the big surprises provided by this congress -- the UNK UNK on the crimes and misdeeds of the `` anti-party group '' -- molotov , UNK , UNK and others -- including the UNK marshal UNK . END
molotov , in particular , is being charged with all kinds of sins -- especially with wanting to cut down free public services , to increase UNK and UNK ; ; END
in fact , with having been against all the more popular features of the khrushchev `` welfare state '' . END
the trouble with all these UNK quarrels is that we hear only one side of the story : what , in the secret councils of the kremlin , molotov had really proposed , we just don't know , and he has had no chance to reply . END
but one cannot escape the suspicion that all this UNK UNK on the misdeeds of the long liquidated `` anti-party '' group would be totally unnecessary if there were not , inside the party , some secret but genuine opposition to khrushchev on vital UNK grounds , on the actual methods to be employed in the `` transition to communism '' and , last but not least , on foreign policy . END
the whole problem of `` peaceful coexistence and peaceful competition '' with the capitalist world is in the very center of this congress . END
`` molotov altogether rejects the line of peaceful coexistence , reducing this concept merely to the state of peace or rather , the absence of war at a given moment , and to a denial of the possibility of UNK a world war . END
his views , in fact , coincide with those of foreign enemies of peaceful coexistence , who look upon it merely as a variant of the `` cold war '' or of an `` armed peace '' . END
one cannot help wondering whether molotov and the rest of the `` anti-party group '' are not being used as UNK UNK by khrushchev and his faithful followers . END
for something , clearly , has gone very , very seriously wrong in UNK relations , which were never easy , and have now deteriorated . END
the effect of UNK UNK clash with khrushchev , together with the everlasting attacks on molotov & co. , has shifted the whole attention of the world , including that of the soviet people , from the `` UNK '' UNK program to the present UNK conflict . END
not only , as we know , did UNK UNK publicly treat khrushchev's attack on UNK as `` something that we cannot consider as a serious UNK approach '' to the problem ( i.e. , as something thoroughly UNK and `` UNK '' ) , but the UNK leaders went out of their way to be openly UNK to khrushchev , calling him a UNK , a bully , and so on . END
it is extremely doubtful that the handful of UNK who call themselves communists could have done this without the direct approval of their chinese friends . END
the big question is whether , in the name of a restored UNK solidarity , the chinese will choose to persuade the UNK to present their humble apologies to khrushchev -- or get rid of enver UNK . END
these seem about the only two ways in which the `` unhappy incident '' can now be closed . END
but UNK is merely a symptom of a real malaise between china and russia . END
there are other symptoms . END
khrushchev , for all his UNK UNK about the inevitable decay of capitalism , is genuinely favorable to `` peaceful coexistence '' and would like , above all , the berlin and german problems to be settled peacefully ; ; END
he knows that he was never more popular than at the time of the UNK `` honeymoon '' of 1959 . END
but it seems that pressures against him are coming from somewhere -- in the first place from china , but perhaps also from that `` china lobby '' which , i was assured in moscow nearly two years ago , exists on the quiet inside the party . END
to these people , solidarity and unity with china should be the real basis of russia's future policy . END
and the chinese , as the UNK incident shows , have strong suspicions that khrushchev is anxious to secure a `` UNK '' peace with the west . END
the fact that china ( which is obsessed by formosa -- to khrushchev a very small matter ) should be supported by north korea and north UNK is highly indicative . END
and one cannot but wonder whether marshal UNK , who was blowing hot and cold , UNK peace but also almost openly considering the possibility of preventive war against the west , wasn't trying to keep the chinese quiet . END
and this brings us inevitably to the UNK or 50-megaton bomb . END
was not this dropped primarily in order to `` UNK '' the chinese -- especially after `` khrushchev's `` humiliating '' surrender to the west in UNK the german UNK deadline of december 31 ? ? END
what does it all add up to ? ? END
indications are that khrushchev ( and , with him , the bulk of the soviet people ) favor peaceful coexistence and ( with the exception of berlin ) the maintenance of the status quo in the world . END
the chinese , north vietnamese and north koreans , on the other hand , feel that , UNK , russia is strong enough to support them in the `` just wars of liberation '' they would like to embark on before long : with china attacking formosa and the north koreans and north vietnamese UNK the southern half of their respective countries . END
perhaps khrushchev is in a more difficult position than any since 1957 , when the `` anti-party group '' nearly liquidated him . END
he seems strong enough inside the party to cope with any internal opposition ; ; END
but if he is up against UNK UNK spirit in world affairs , he is going to be faced with the most UNK choice in his life . END
he may support china ( but he won't ) ; ; END
he may break with china ( which would be UNK difficult and perhaps disastrous ) , or he may succeed , by all kinds of dangerous concessions , in persuading china to be patient . END
the next days may show where things stand . END
on a misty sunday morning last month , a small band of militant UNK called the minutemen held maneuvers in a foggy field about fifteen miles east of here . END
eleven men , a woman and a teen-age boy UNK over cold , damp , UNK ground during a two-hour field drill in the problems of guerrilla warfare . END
to the average american , this must sound like an incredible tale from a saturday night tv movie . END
but to the minutemen , this is a serious business . END
they feel that the united states is engaged in a UNK struggle with communism for survival and world supremacy . END
they feel that world war 3 , has already begun , and they are setting themselves up as a `` last line of defense '' against the communist advance . END
their national leader , robert UNK UNK of UNK , mo. , says the minutemen believe that guerrilla tactics are best suited to defeat the red onslaught . END
in their maneuvers last month , they wore world war 2 , UNK UNK and UNK , and carried unloaded UNK rifles . END
the maneuvers were held `` in secret '' after a regional seminar for the minutemen , held in nearby UNK , ill. , had been broken up the previous day by deputy UNK , who had arrested regional leader richard lauchli of UNK , ill. , and seized four operative weapons , including a browning machine gun , two browning automatic rifles and an UNK rifle . END
UNK by this UNK , a small band of the faithful gathered at UNK home at UNK a.m. the next day , put on their uniforms , and headed for a farm several miles away . END
a 60 mm. mortar and a 57 mm. UNK rifle owned by lauchli were brought along . END
the mortar was equipped with UNK shells and the UNK rifle was UNK . END
after a UNK drive in an open truck and a world war 2 , army jeep down UNK trails , the band arrived at a small clearing squeezed between a long , low ridge and a UNK gully . END
here the two leaders , UNK and lauchli , hastened to put the group through its paces . END
the minutemen were instructed in the use of terrain for UNK . END
they were shown how to advance against an enemy UNK atop a cleared ridge . END
they practiced movement behind a smoke screen laid by smoke grenades ; ; END
and they attempted a skirmish line of advance against a UNK enemy UNK . END
eleven UNK rounds were fired by lauchli in a demonstration of UNK mortar shooting . END
mrs. UNK , the mother of five children and an active member of her husband's organization , participated in all the exercises . END
there were no `` UNK '' , but the `` guerrillas '' admitted to being `` a little tired '' when the leaders called a halt at 9 a.m. to enable out-of-town members to catch a plane . END
i would like to add one more practical reform to those mentioned by russell UNK ( dec. 16 ) . END
it has to do with UNK salaries and tenure . END
next september , after receiving a degree from UNK master of arts in teaching program , i will be teaching somewhere -- that much is guaranteed by the present shortage of mathematics teachers . END
i will also be UNK . END
the amazing thing is that this too is caused by the UNK of teachers . END
teaching is at present a UNK market ; ; END
as a result buyers , the public , must be satisfied with second-rate teachers . END
but this is not the real problem ; ; END
the rub arises from the fact that teachers are usually paid on the basis of time served rather than quality . END
hence all teachers , good and bad , who have been teaching for a given number of years are paid the same salary . END
i am firmly convinced that considering the average quality of teachers in this country , the profession is grossly UNK . END
it follows that teachers as a group cannot expect any marked salary increases ; ; END
there is a limit to how much the public will pay for UNK performance . END
the only hope which good teachers have for being paid their due is to stop dragging the dead weight of poor teachers up the economic ladder with them . END
the only hope which the public has for getting good teachers is to pay teachers on the basis of merit rather than tenure . END
here , as in all sectors of the economy , quality and justice are both dependent on the right of the individual to deal directly with his employer if he so chooses . END
on the eve of the `` great debate '' on the proposal to give the president broad powers to make UNK tariff concessions which could practically bring us into the atlantic community , we should face the alternatives on this proposition . END
what we will be UNK in any such arrangement will be our power to be selective which is contained in the reciprocal trade principle under which we now operate . END
without this power we lay open any american industry which the europeans may find it economically profitable to destroy to the will of others . END
it is this loss of initiative in how we conduct our economy which may lead to the loss of initiative in how we conduct our political affairs . END
a brief for the negative END
i disagree with mr. UNK position on the common market ( nov. 18 ) as a desirable organization for us to join . END
for him to ignore the political consequences involved in an atlantic union of this kind is difficult to understand . END
the pressure for our entry to the common market is mounting and we will proceed towards this UNK trade union by way of a purely `` economic UNK '' , or garden path , with the political UNK kept neatly in the background . END
the appeal is going to be to the UNK and may be very convincing to those who do not see its relation to political and legal , as well as economic , UNK . END
in entering this union we will be surrendering most , if not all , of our economic autonomy to international bodies such as the atlantic institute ( recently set up ) or the o.e.c.d. , UNK and others . END
to think that we can merely relinquish our economic autonomy without giving up our political or legal autonomy is wishful thinking . END
if it is not enough that all of our UNK one UNK are advocating that we join this market , i refer you to an article in the new york UNK magazine section ( nov. 12 , 1961 ) , by mr. UNK johnston , entitled `` we must join the common market '' . END
he says : `` it has swept aside petty UNK , age-old UNK , and UNK customs '' . END
referring to britain , he says , `` we see a nation that traditionally values sovereignty above all else willing to give up its economy , placing this authority in continental hands '' . END
since the goal of our international planners is a world government , this atlantic community would mark a giant step in that direction for , once american economic autonomy is absorbed , a larger grouping is a question of time . END
frankly , it is being very cleverly done for , in a sense , they have us over a barrel . END
listen to what mr. johnston has to say : `` consider the savage wounds that UNK would inflict . END
we would lose our export markets and deny ourselves the imports we need . END
we would be crippled by reduced output , industrial decline , widespread unemployment '' . END
but the solution to this dilemma is not the UNK of the united states into an atlantic community or `` economic empire '' , but merely what UNK like henry UNK and UNK von UNK have been arguing for years : an end to government regulations , an end to government competition in industry , and a realistic depreciation allowance for industry . END
create a free market here , give us a sound , UNK money system , and we'll compete with anyone , europe and asia combined . END
in short , get this governmental UNK off our backs and we won't have to worry about european competition or communism either . END
if we want to preserve our sovereignty , this is the way to do it ; ; END
not UNK to an international planning board . END
if we go into this common market , we might just as well stop talking about constitutional guarantees , connally amendments or , for that matter , conservatism in general . END
we welcome this able brief for the negative as part of a UNK discussion of the atlantic common market which UNK will be continuing in our pages . END
the UNK chinese were the only major silver seller in the world markets who stopped selling the metal on monday morning , november 27 , UNK by two days the announcement of the u.s. treasury that the UNK offering price will be removed . END
a professor and the army END
in 1954 i was drafted and after serving two years UNK on active duty i was not required to participate in any further army reserve activities . END
now , more than five years later , i cannot in any realistic sense be called a trained soldier . END
but , in spite of this , i , at present a man 31 years of age and a college professor , have been recalled `` by direction of the president '' to report on november UNK to fort UNK , massachusetts , for another twelve months of active duty as an UNK 4 ( the equivalent of a UNK ) . END
today , seven years after the date of my initial induction as a UNK , i am assistant professor of philosophy and science at st. UNK college . END
for , after leaving the army in 1956 , i spent five years in graduate school first at boston college and then at the university of toronto . END
this time , added to that which i had already spent in school prior to my induction in 1954 , makes a total of twenty-two ( 22 ) years of education . END
the possibility of recall into the army is part of the price that a modern american has to pay for the enviable heritage of liberty which he enjoys . END
with this no loyal citizen can quarrel . END
however , it seems UNK that the government has an obligation `` to exercise its mandate reasonably , UNK and with full regard for the UNK which it inevitably causes '' . END
in my own case , i submit that such reasonable and fair exercise is UNK lacking . END
taken back into the army now as an UNK 4 , i am leaving 110 college students whose teacher i am . END
( a wry UNK on this is that most of my students have UNK from the draft in order to attend my classes . END
) at this late date , it is impossible for st. UNK college to find a suitable replacement for me . END
even apart from the fact that now at the age of 31 my personal life is being totally disrupted for the second time for no very compelling reason -- i cannot help looking around at the black leather jacket UNK standing idly on the street corners and in the taverns of every american city and asking myself if our society has gone mad . END
UNK : term of honor ? ? END
in news broadcasts i consistently hear the foreign volunteers fighting in the katanga army referred to as mercenaries . END
this UNK me no end . END
if the UNK troops sent here willy-nilly by the UNK government to fight for england in the UNK were mercenaries , what shall we call the un troops sent to the congo willy-nilly by their governments to fight for the united nations ? ? END
if the un troops are not mercenaries then the UNK were not mercenaries either . END
and if the foreigners fighting in the katanga army are mercenaries then lafayette and von UNK were mercenaries too , as were also the members of the lafayette UNK in the early part of world war 1 , and of UNK flying UNK in the early days of world war 2 . END
it doesn't take a gore UNK to tell you what's wrong with UNK UNK slogan ( UNK objects '' , july 1 ) . END
it's an eighteenth-century negative , man ! ! END
suggest the following UNK amendment : by moving the term `` republic '' to lower case , substituting the modern phrase , `` move ahead '' for the UNK `` keep '' , and by using the UNK name on every envelope ( in caps , of course , with the `` in spite '' as faded as possible ) , the slogan cannot fail . END
the impending death of pope END
in the issue of march 5 , 1960 you had an excellent editorial which said : END
`` on trial in UNK for having flown for the UNK anti-communist UNK , u.s. pilot alan lawrence pope boldly told the court that in supporting the freedom fighters , he was actually defending the sovereignty and independence of indonesia . END
facing a prosecution which has demanded the death penalty , he said : ' i have participated in the war against communism in korea and at UNK , and i have helped in the evacuation of north vietnamese to the free world . END
i have done all this for the freedom of the individuals concerned and also for the states which have been threatened by communist domination . END
at least in indonesia , khrushchev found an american proud to be at total war with communism '' ! ! END
since then nothing has happened to save the life of pope . END
i found recently a very small article in the new york times : END
`` u.s. UNK loses plea . END
indonesia court UNK UNK death sentence . END
-- indonesia military supreme court has confirmed the death sentence passed on alan lawrence pope , an american pilot . END
pope was convicted last year of having aided north UNK rebels by flying bombing missions . END
he has been in prison since may , 1958 , when his aircraft was shot down over UNK . END
he may appeal to president sukarno for UNK '' . END
as we see , pope may appeal to president sukarno , khrushchev's friend , for UNK . END
this possibility is anything but reassuring . END
the eleanor roosevelt tractor committee acts on behalf of the cuban freedom fighters . END
but who will act now and immediately to save the life of alan pope ? ? END
are tractors available for him ? ? END
does anybody think of saving the life of an anti-communist american pilot ? ? END
a few days before i saw your mention of what texas liberals were doing to promote `` louis UNK '' ( the week '' , june 3 ) , another analogy had occurred to me . END
consider this table : 1 . END
louis 14 , -- aj . END
`` with no strong men and no parliament to dispute his will , he was the government '' . END
`` a ' UNK ' period of UNK and decline '' . END
louis 15 , -- eisenhower . END
`` he opened his mouth , said little , and thought not at all '' . END
louis 16 , -- kennedy . END
`` not completely virtuous , but completely UNK '' . END
and marie UNK -- jacqueline UNK . END
`` the beautiful and UNK '' . END
french revolution -- conservative revolution ? ? END
truly , that liberals should choose louis 14 , as a UNK of conservatism is grotesquely ironic , considering the louis 14 , character of their grand UNK , UNK : not only in his UNK of absolute power and personal UNK , ( le UNK UNK par UNK UNK ) , but in the disastrous effects of his spending and war policies . END
in UNK `` louis UNK '' , john UNK victory in texas signals , once again , the end of the divine right of liberalism . END
it seems to me that n.c. , in his editorial `` confrontation '' ( sr , UNK 25 ) , has hit upon the real problem that UNK all of us in a complex world : how do we retain our personal relationship with those who suffer ? ? END
this affects us all intimately , and can leave us hopeless in the face of widespread distress . END
i know of no other solution than the one n.c. proposes -- to do what we can for each sufferer as he confronts us , hoping that this will spread beyond him to others at some time and some place . END
never have i seen this expressed so clearly and so sympathetically . END
thank you for the illustrated editorial `` confrontation '' . END
it is both great writing and profound religion . END
n.c. has said something important so well that this preacher will many times be tempted to quote the whole piece . END
i feel that n.c. hit the very core of our existence in the editorial `` confrontation '' . END
personally , it meant a great deal ; ; END
my only hope is that it will be shared by many , many others . END
`` confrontation '' should UNK us all , whether in southeast asia or the u.s. . END
congratulations to n.c. for successfully UNK into the heart of the problems that face the peace corps . END
i concur that it is necessary for americans to have a confrontation of the situation existing in foreign lands . END
it would be UNK to see UNK , and hence effective leadership , thwarted by the poverty and hardship which young americans will run into . END
the editorial `` confrontation '' was certainly direct in its appeal to those of us living here in america . END
i personally gained strength from it . END
thanks for continuing to capture the attention and uncover so many areas of need in this amazing world . END
UNK editorial `` confrontation '' is a stunning piece of writing . END
i would hope that sargent shriver will encourage everyone entering the peace corps to read it . END
the important people to humanity are not the UNK and the UNK but the UNK and the UNK , and the others like them whose names we will never know . END
editor's note : UNK of `` confrontation '' will be included among the material to be distributed to members of the peace corps . END
a peace corps official described the editorial as `` precisely the message we need to communicate to the men and women who will soon be peace corps volunteers '' . END
f. l. UNK article in UNK april 1 issue seemed to be a very fair and objective analysis of the new english bible . END
i certainly hope this will be the impression left in the minds of readers , rather than the comment by cleveland UNK in his first of the month column . END
it is blind , fundamentalist dogmatism to say , `` UNK around with the king james version seems to us a perilous sport at best '' . END
lester UNK is on the right track in his article `` interpretation of interpretation '' ( sr , UNK 11 ) . END
the current stereotype of straight news reporting was probably invaluable in UNK the press and its readers from pollution by that combination of doctored fact , fancy , and personal opinion called yellow journalism which flourished in this country more than a generation ago . END
we don't need this type of protection any more . END
the public is now armed with sophistication and numerous competing media . END
besides , there are no longer enough corruptible UNK about . END
the accepted method of writing news has two major UNK . END
first , it does not communicate . END
a reporter restricted to the competing propaganda statements of both sides in a major labor dispute , for instance , is unable to tell his readers half of what he knows about the causes of the dispute . END
second , it subjects the news to distortion by the unscrupulous . END
the charges by the late junior senator from wisconsin not only destroyed innocent people but UNK the nation . END
yet the press was UNK to put these charges in perspective in its news columns . END
despite several years of UNK stories , the average citizen was unable to get a complete picture of mccarthy until he saw on the television screen what the reporters had been seeing all along but had no effective way of communicating . END
the senator had UNK them in with their own restrictions . END
it seems to me the time has come for the american press to start experimenting with ways of reporting the news that will do a better job of communicating and will be less subject to abuse by those who have learned how to manipulate the present stereotype to serve their own ends . END
the objective should be to provide a method of getting into print a higher percentage than is now possible of the relevant information in the possession of reporters and editors . END
i would like to see you devote some space in an early issue to the news blackout concerning president kennedy's activities , so far as southern california is concerned . END
you have on more than one occasion praised the idea of a televised press conference and the chance it gives the people to form intelligent opinions . END
to begin with , the UNK los angeles times does not UNK a transcript of these press conferences . END
i am sure that they did when eisenhower was president . END
next , because of the time differential , the conferences come on the networks during the middle of the day . END
up until now , the networks have grudgingly run half-hour tapes at 5 p.m. or sometimes 7 or UNK p.m. . END
even then , a few of the `` less interesting '' questions are edited out and glibly summarized by a UNK . END
however , last night the tapes were not run at all during the evening hours and all we got on tv were a few UNK which douglas UNK and huntley and UNK could squeeze into their programs . END
this is no criticism of them , as they obviously cannot get a half-hour program into a UNK news summary . END
the radio stations did run `` UNK '' ( i thought ) during the evening hours . END
however , by comparing the tv UNK , two different radio station UNK , and the UNK los angeles times version , i found that the radio stations had edited out questions ( UNK removed the one regarding laos ) or even a paragraph out of the middle of the president's answer . END
i am interested to know he is getting mail from all over the country about the `` abuse '' he is being subjected to . END
we out here don't see enough of the conference to know he is being abused . END
i don't know if this is the situation in other parts of the country ; ; END
apparently it is not . END
it also happened with the inauguration , which was not UNK at all during the evening hours , and i wrote to the tv editor of the times . END
he did mention in his column the fact that he had received many letters about this and he himself did not understand the networks and the independent local UNK not doing this -- but nothing happened . END
can you bring the UNK attention to this ? ? END
for a college of propaganda END
i was interested in james UNK UNK madison avenue column in which he raised the question : `` do we need a college of propaganda '' ? ? END
( sr , feb. 11 ) . END
in my estimation , we definitely do ; ; END
and the sad part of it is that we had one , which was rounding into excellent shape , and we let it UNK and die . END
during the war , we set up schools for the teaching of psychological warfare , which included the teaching of propaganda , both black and white and the various shades of grey in between . END
we had a couple of schools in this country , the principal one being on the marshall field estate out in UNK neck . END
there were also a couple in canada , and several in england . END
the english schools preceded ours , and by the time we got into it they had learned a lot about the techniques of propaganda and its teaching . END
four of us here in the united states attended , first as students , then as UNK , almost every one of these schools , in england , canada , and the united states . END
we set up the UNK neck school , worked out its curriculum , and taught there . END
toward the end of the war , we really felt that we had learned something about propaganda and how to teach it . END
when the end did come , and the schools were UNK and abandoned , we felt and hoped that the machinery of psychological warfare would not be allowed to rust . END
we hoped that its practitioners and teachers might be put on some sort of reserve list and called back for UNK courses each year or so . END
alas , no such thing happened . END
there apparently is no school of propaganda or psychological warfare . END
a study at the pentagon and at the service UNK revealed that nothing was being done there . END
and not one of the four men who attended all the schools has ever been called on to apply any of his knowledge in any way . END
congratulations on the article `` do we need a college of propaganda '' ? ? END
this is one of the most constructive suggestions made in this critical field in years , and i certainly hope it sparks some action . END
let the media clean house , too END
many of us in public relations were flattered that richard l. UNK chose to devote his editorial in the march 11 communications supplement to the merger of the public relations society of america and the american public relations association . END
i was surprised and sorry to find in your issue of march 4 a long and detailed attack upon a book that had not yet been published . END
whether in his forthcoming book c. p. snow UNK the errors of judgment and of fact with which your heavily UNK critic charged him is important . END
one should be able to get hold of the book at once . END
but the attack was made from an advance copy . END
if this practice should take root and spread , the man who UNK a manuscript to a publisher will find himself reviewed before he is accepted and publication will become a sort of UNK UNK . END
editor's note : sir robert UNK wrote , on page 50 of sr research for 4 march 1961 : : END
`` i have read an advance copy of the snow book which is to be titled , ' science and government . END
until the work actually appears i am not privileged to analyze it publicly in detail . END
but i have compared its text with already published UNK on the 1960 series of godkin lectures at harvard , from which the book was derived , and i can with confidence challenge the UNK of c. p. UNK UNK tale '' . END
UNK remarks in sr did not then , constitute a review of the book but a UNK to the godkin lectures . END
representatives of harvard university press , which is publishing the book this month of april , recognize and freely acknowledge that they invited such reaction by allowing life magazine to print an excerpt from the book in advance of the UNK publication date . END
the text of the book leaves a somewhat UNK impression than the UNK excerpt . END
sir robert UNK `` UNK '' of sir charles UNK godkin lectures is marred throughout by too forceful a desire to defend UNK and apparently himself from sir charles' supposed UNK while stating those `` UNK '' in an UNK incoherent argument . END
the article presents the reader with an absurdity at its beginning . END
it calls the conclusion admitted valid by `` historians and military strategists alike '' a `` UNK conclusion . END
it UNK an enthusiastic , UNK conception of UNK contributing another aspect of the man , but on no more authoritative basis than sir charles' account . END
we are left to choose between the two UNK . END
the only fact that holds any weight in the article is the result of the tea party . END
but we are to believe that UNK actively supported radar outside the UNK committee , and UNK , UNK it inside ? ? END
if so , i would lean to sir charles' conception of the man . END
i think it was a grave error to print the article at this time . END
to the unfortunate people unable to attend the godkin lectures it casts an UNK UNK of UNK over the book which may UNK some people from reading it . END
it is not news that nathan milstein is a UNK of the violin . END
certainly not in orchestra hall where he has played countless UNK , and where thursday night he celebrated his 20th season with the chicago symphony orchestra , playing the brahms concerto with his own slashing , UNK UNK melting into the high , pale , pure and lovely song with which a violinist UNK the heart of the music , or forever finds it closed . END
there was about that song something UNK , for this brahms was milstein at white heat . END
not the noblest performance we have heard him play , or the most spacious , or even the most eloquent . END
those would be reserved for the UNK great nights when the soloist can UNK himself . END
this time the orchestra gave him some superb support fired by response to his own high mood . END
but he had in walter UNK a willing conductor able only up to a point . END
that is , when mr. milstein thrust straight to the core of the music , sparks flying , bow UNK , violin singing , glittering and sometimes spitting , mr. UNK could go along . END
but mr. UNK does not go straight to any point . END
he UNK and lets music UNK . END
there was in the brahms none of the mysterious and marvelous UNK by which a great conductor can bring soloist , orchestra and music to ultimate fusion . END
so we had some dazzling and memorable milstein , but not great brahms . END
the concert opened with another big romantic score , UNK overture to `` UNK '' , which suffered fate , this time with orchestral thrusts to the UNK point to keep it afloat . END
UNK UNK with UNK tunes was a considerably more serious misfortune , for it demands UNK textures , UNK rhythms , and UNK wit . END
it got the kind of scrambled , UNK performance that can happen to best of orchestras when the man with the baton lacks technique and style . END
the UNK festival opens july 23 with a new production of `` UNK '' staged by UNK wagner , who is doing all the UNK this time , and conducted by UNK UNK . END
UNK also UNK `` the flying dutch '' , opening july 24 . END
`` UNK '' follows july 25 , with hans UNK conducting , and he also UNK `` die UNK '' , to be presented aug. 8 and 12 . END
the `` ring '' cycles are july 26 , 27 , 28 and 30 , and aug. 21 , 22 , 23 and 25 . END
no casts are listed , but UNK UNK sent word that the negro soprano , grace UNK , will sing venus in `` UNK '' . END
remember how by a series of booking UNK chicago missed seeing the UNK ballet ? ? END
remember how by lack of two big theaters chicago missed the first visit of the royal danish ballet ? ? END
well , now we have two big theaters . END
but UNK a miracle , and don't hold your breath for it , chicago will not see the UNK ballet , which stems from the ballet cradle of the UNK and is one of the great companies of the world . END
before you let loose a howl saying we announced its coming , not once but several times , indeed we did . END
the engagement was supposed to be all set for the big theater in mccormick place , which UNK hurok , ballet UNK extraordinary , considers the finest house of its kind in the country -- and of course he doesn't weep at the capacity , either . END
it was all set . END
allied arts corporation first listed the chicago dates as dec. 4 thru 10 . END
later the hurok office made it dec. 8 thru 17 , a nice , long booking for the full repertory . END
but if you keep a calendar of events , as we do , you noticed a conflict . END
allied arts had booked UNK dietrich into mccormick place dec. 8 and 9 . END
something had to give . END
allied arts then notified us that the kirov would cut short its los angeles booking , fly here to open nov. 28 , and close dec. 2 . END
shorter booking , but still a booking . END
a couple of days later a UNK told me he had telephoned allied arts for ticket information and was told `` the newspapers had made a mistake '' . END
so i started making some calls of my own . END
these are the results . END
the kirov ballet is firmly booked into the shrine auditorium , los angeles , nov. 21 thru dec. 4 . END
not a chance of opening here nov. 28 -- UNK that miracle . END
then why not the juicy booking hurok had held for us ? ? END
well , dietrich won't UNK from mccormick place . END
then how about the civic opera house ? ? END
well , allied arts has booked UNK UNK there for a week starting dec. 4 . END
UNK about the UNK , allied arts said : `` better cancel the kirov for the time being . END
it's all up in the air again '' . END
so the kirov will fly back to russia , minus a chicago engagement , a serious loss for dance fans -- and for the frustrated UNK , UNK of one of the richest UNK in the country . END
will somebody please UNK the auditorium ? ? END
paintings and drawings by marie moore of st. thomas , virgin islands , are shown thru nov. 5 at the meadows gallery , UNK ellis av. , week days , 3 p.m. to 8 p.m. , sundays 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. , closed UNK . END
an exhibition of evelyn UNK paintings will open with a reception nov. 5 at the evanston community center , UNK davis st. . END
it will continue all month . END
abstractions and UNK by UNK UNK are being exhibited by the university gallery of notre dame until nov. 5 . END
in the line of operatic trades to cushion the budget , the dallas civic opera will use san UNK new UNK UNK production of `` lucia di UNK '' this season , returning the favor next season when san francisco uses the dallas `` don UNK '' , designed by UNK UNK . END
h e. bates has UNK a UNK called `` UNK , UNK , the UNK '' ! ! END
it is one of the most entertaining and irresponsible novels of the season . END
if there is a moral UNK among the UNK , it is hard to find . END
perhaps the lesson we should take from these pages is that the welfare state in england still allows wild scope for all kinds of rugged UNK . END
anyway , a number of them meet here in devastating UNK . END
one is an imperial london UNK called UNK . END
another is a UNK UNK called larkin , whose UNK UNK progress has been UNK , i believe , in earlier volumes of mr. UNK comedie UNK . END
what's up now ? ? END
well , UNK and his wife UNK have reached the stage of affluence that UNK a longing for the more UNK expensive UNK UNK . END
they want to own a UNK castle , or a manor house , or some modest little place where shakespeare might once have staged a pageant for great elizabeth and all her bearded courtiers . END
they are willing to settle , however , in anything that offers UNK to shoot at and peasants to work at . END
and of course larkin has just the thing they want . END
the name of it is gore court , and it is surrounded by a UNK that would impress t. s. eliot . END
that's not precisely the way larkin urges them to look at it , though . END
he UNK herds of deer , and wild birds crowding the air . END
he suggests that gore court UNK all the glories of tudor splendor . END
the UNK windows may have developed UNK UNK , the paneling may be no more durable than the planks in a political platform . END
the vast , UNK kitchens may seem hardly worth using except on occasions when one is faced with a thousand unexpected guests for lunch . END
larkin has an answer to all that . END
the UNK of the tudor cooking areas , for example , will provide needed space for the extra television sets required by modern UNK , cooks and maids . END
also , perhaps , UNK and other indoor sports to keep them fit and contented . END
it's a wonder , really , to how much UNK trouble larkin puts himself to sell the UNK that preposterous UNK . END
he doesn't really need the immense sum of money ( probably converted from american gold on the london exchange ) he makes them pay . END
for larkin is already wonderfully contented with his lot . END
he has a glorious wife and many children . END
when he needs money to buy something like , say , the UNK he keeps near his vegetable patch , he takes a flyer in the sale of surplus army supplies . END
one of those UNK ventures , in fact , has saddled him with gore court . END
he is willing to sell it just to get it off his hands . END
and the UNK are more than willing to buy it . END
they plan to become county people who know the proper way to terminate a UNK life on earth . END
first one , then the other END
if , in UNK eyes , they are nothing but UNK farmers , he has as much to learn about them as they have to learn about the ways of truly rural living . END
mr. bates shows us how this mutual education spreads its inevitable UNK . END
UNK is practiced by both sides in a total war . END
first the UNK are ahead , then the UNK . END
after larkin has been persuaded to UNK his tangled acres with UNK , he UNK only what he needs for the UNK of his family and local UNK . END
one of the local UNK , a retired brigadier apparently left over from UNK tales of india , does not approve of the way larkin gets his birds . END
he doesn't think that UNK them from a deck chair on the south side of the house with a UNK glass of beer for UNK is entirely sporting . END
but the brigadier UNK on the birds with relish . END
it is truly odd and ironic that the most handsome and impressive film yet made from UNK de UNK `` don quixote '' is the brilliant russian spectacle , done in wide screen and color , which opened yesterday at the UNK street and UNK street UNK . END
more than a beautiful UNK of the UNK adventures and UNK of the UNK UNK and his squire , UNK UNK , in UNK spain , this inevitably UNK rendering of the classic satire on UNK is an UNK warm and human exposition of character . END
UNK UNK , the russian actor who has played such heroic roles as alexander UNK and ivan the terrible , performs the UNK don quixote , and does so with a simple dignity that bridges the inner nobility and the surface absurdity of this poignant man . END
his UNK UNK , UNK to the ridiculous position in an age when armor had already been relegated to museums and the UNK code of UNK had become a joke , is , as UNK no doubt intended , a gaunt but gracious symbol of good , moving soberly and sincerely in a world of UNK , UNK and UNK . END
UNK does not UNK him , as some actors have been inclined to do . END
he treats this UNK , bearded , bony UNK with tangible affection and respect . END
directed by UNK UNK in a tempo that is UNK slow , he develops a sense of a high tradition shining brightly and passing gravely through an UNK world . END
the complexities of communication have been considerably abetted in this case by appropriately UNK english language that has been excellently dubbed in place of the russian dialogue . END
the voices of all the characters , including that of UNK , have richness , UNK or color to conform with the personalities . END
and the subtleties of the dialogue are most helpfully conveyed . END
since russian was being spoken instead of spanish , there is no violation of UNK or logic here . END
splendid , too , is the performance of yuri UNK , one of russia's leading UNK , as UNK UNK , the fat , grotesque `` squire '' . END
though his character is broader and more UNK rounded than the don , he gives it a firmness and toughness -- a sort of peasant dignity -- too . END
it is really as though the russians have seen in this character the UNK underlying vitality and courage of supposed UNK . END
the episode in which UNK UNK concludes the joke that is played on him when he is UNK put in command of an `` island '' is one of the best in the film . END
true , the pattern and flow of the drama have strong literary qualities that are a bit UNK in the first half , before don quixote goes to the UNK court . END
but strength and UNK develop UNK , and the UNK and UNK episodes gather the threads of realization of the UNK of the old boy . END
there are other good representations of peasants and people of the court by actors who are finely UNK and magnificently photographed in this last of the russian films to reach this country in the program of joint cultural exchange . END
also on the bill at the UNK street is a nice UNK color film called `` sunday in greenwich village '' , a tour of the UNK and joints . END
television has yet to work out a living arrangement with jazz , which comes to the medium more as an uneasy guest than as a relaxed member of the family . END
there seems to be an unfortunate assumption that an hour of UNK jazz in prime evening time , for example , could not be justified without the trimmings of a UNK documentary . END
at least this seemed to be the working hypothesis for `` chicago and all that jazz '' , presented on UNK nov. 26 . END
the program came out of the nbc special projects department , and was UNK in the du pont show of the week series . END
perhaps special projects necessarily thinks along documentary lines . END
if so , it might be worth while to assign a future jazz show to a different department -- one with enough confidence in the musical material to cut down on the number of performers and give them a little room to display their talents . END
as a matter of fact , this latter approach has already been tried , and with pleasing results . END
a few years ago a `` UNK UNK jazz show '' offered a broad range of styles , ranging from UNK UNK big band to the UNK UNK of UNK . END
an enthusiastic audience confirmed the `` live '' character of the hour , and provided the interaction between musician and UNK which almost always seems to improve the quality of performance . END
about that same time john UNK tv series on the popular arts proved again that giving jazz ample breathing space is one of the most sensible things a producer can do . END
in an hour remembered for its almost UNK movement , a score of jazz UNK went before the cameras for lengthy periods . END
the program had been arranged to permit the establishment of a mood of intense concentration on the music . END
cameras stared at UNK faces in extreme UNK , then UNK pulled back for full views of ensemble work . END
`` chicago and all that jazz '' could not be UNK on the choice of artists . END
some of the UNK performers were jack UNK , gene UNK , bud freeman , UNK wee russell , johnny st. UNK , joe sullivan , red allen , UNK armstrong , blossom UNK . END
the jazz buff could hardly ask for more . END
furthermore , garry moore makes an ideal master of ceremonies . END
( he played host at the UNK show already mentioned . END
one of the UNK big problems was how to blend pictures and music of the past with live performances by musicians of today . END
nbc had gathered a lot of historical material which it was eager to share . END
for example , there was sheet music with the word `` jazz '' in the title , to illustrate how a word of uncertain origin took hold . END
samples UNK into UNK range in regular succession , like telephone poles passing on the highway , while representative music reinforced the mood of the late teens and 1920's . END
however well chosen and cleverly arranged , such UNK unfortunately amounted to more of an interruption than an auxiliary to the UNK main business , which ( considering the talent at hand ) should probably have been the gathering of fresh samples of the chicago style . END
another source of nbc pride was its rare film clip of UNK UNK , but this view of the great UNK flew by so fast that a prolonged wink would have UNK out the entire glimpse . END
similarly , in presenting still photographs of early jazz groups , the program allowed no time for a close UNK . END
`` chicago and all that jazz '' may have wound up satisfying neither the confirmed fan nor the UNK newcomer . END
by trying to be both a serious survey of a UNK era and a UNK for today's artists , the program turned out to be a UNK example of either . END
still , the UNK willingness to experiment in this musical field is to be commended , and future essays happily anticipated . END
even joan sutherland may not have anticipated the tremendous reception she received from the metropolitan opera audience attending her debut as lucia in UNK `` lucia di UNK '' sunday night . END
the crowd staged its own mad scene in UNK of cheers and applause and finally a standing UNK as miss sutherland took curtain call after curtain call following a fantastic `` mad scene '' created on her own and with the help of the composer and the other performers . END
her entrance in scene 2 , act 1 , brought some disconcerting applause even before she had sung a note . END
thereafter the audience waxed UNK , but discriminating UNK reserved judgment as her singing showed signs of strain , her UNK some questionable procedure and her acting uncomfortable UNK . END
as she gained composure during the second act , her technical UNK emerged stronger , though she had already revealed a UNK almost unprecedented in years of performances of `` lucia '' . END
she topped the sextet brilliantly . END
each high note had the crowd in ecstasy so that it stopped the show midway in the `` mad scene '' , but the real reason was a realization of the extraordinary performance unfolding at the moment . END
miss sutherland appeared almost as another person in this scene : a much more girlish lucia , a sensational UNK who ran across stage while singing , and an actress immersed in her role . END
what followed the UNK brought almost breathless silence as miss sutherland revealed her mastery of a voice probably unique among UNK today . END
this big , flexible voice with uncommon range has been superbly disciplined . END
UNK at the start must have caused the UNK of her first scene , or she may warm up slowly . END
in the fullness of her vocal splendor , however , she could sing the famous scene magnificently . END
technically it was fascinating , UNK UNK , and dramatically quite realistic . END
many years have passed since a metropolitan audience heard anything comparable . END
her debut over , perhaps the earlier scenes will emerge equally fine . END
the performance also marked the debut of a most promising young conductor , UNK UNK . END
he UNK more vitality into the score than it has revealed in many years . END
he may respect too much the italian tradition of letting singers hold on to their notes , but to restrain them in a UNK opera may be quite difficult . END
richard tucker sang UNK in glorious voice . END
his bel UNK style gave the performance a special distinction . END
the remainder of the cast fulfilled its assignments no more than satisfactorily just as the old production and limited stage direction proved only serviceable . END
miss sutherland first sang lucia at UNK garden in 1959 . END
( the first metropolitan opera broadcast on dec. 9 will introduce her as lucia . END
) she has since turned to UNK , whose opera `` beatrice di UNK '' in a concert version with the american opera society introduced her to new york last season . END
she will sing `` la UNK '' with it here next week . END
anyone for musical UNK ? ? END
it's really quite fun -- as long as you like games . END
you will need a stereo music system , with speakers preferably placed at least seven or eight feet apart , and one or more of the new london `` phase 4 '' records . END
there are 12 of these to choose from , all of them of popular music except for the star release , pass in review ( UNK ) . END
this features the marching songs of several nations , recorded as though the various national bands were marching by your reviewing stand . END
complete with crowd effects , UNK by jet planes , and sundry other touches of realism , this disc displays UNK new technique to the best effect . END
all of the jackets carry a fairly technical and detailed explanation of this new recording program . END
no reference is made to the possibility of recording other than popular music in this manner , and it would not seem to lend itself well to serious music . END
UNK is greatly exaggerated most of the time ; ; END
but when the sounds of the two speakers are allowed to mix , there is excellent depth and dimension to the music . END
you definitely hear some of the instruments close up and others farther back , with the difference in placement apparently more distinct than would result from the nearer instruments merely being louder than the ones farther back . END
this is a characteristic of good stereo recording and one of its tremendous advantages over UNK sound . END
london explains that the very distinct directional effect in the phase 4 series is due in large part to their novel methods of UNK and recording the music on a number of separate tape channels . END
these are then mixed by their sound engineers with the active co-operation of the musical staff and combined into the final two channels which are impressed on the record . END
in some of the numbers the instrumental parts have even been recorded at different times and then later combined on the master tape to produce special effects . END
some clue to the character of UNK approach in these discs may be gained immediately from the fact that ten of the 12 titles include the word `` percussion '' or `` percussive '' . END
drums , UNK , UNK , and other percussive instruments are reproduced remarkably well . END
only too often , however , you have the feeling that you are sitting in a room with some of the instruments lined up on one wall to your left and others facing them on the wall to your right . END
they are definitely in the same room with you , but your head starts to swing as though you were sitting on the very edge of a tennis court watching a spirited volley . END
the percussive twenties ( UNK ) UNK pleasant memories with well-known songs of that day , and johnny UNK UNK gives forth with tingling jazz in percussive moods ( UNK ) . END
big band percussion ( UNK ) seemed one of the least attractive discs -- the arrangements just didn't have so much character as the others . END
there is an extraordinary sense of presence in all of these recordings , apparently obtained at least in part by emphasizing the middle and high frequencies . END
the penalty for this is noticeable in the big , bold , brilliant , but UNK piano sounds in melody and percussion for two UNK ( UNK ) . END
all of the releases , however , are recorded at a UNK high level , with resultant UNK of any surface noise . END
pass in review practically guarantees enjoyment , and is a dramatic demonstration of the potentialities of any stereo music system . END
many hollywood films manage somehow to be authentic , but not realistic . END
strange , but true -- authenticity and realism often aren't related at all . END
almost every film bearing the UNK of hollywood is physically authentic -- in fact , UNK so . END
in any given period piece the costumes , UNK , vehicles , and decor , bear the stamp of UNK authenticity . END
the major UNK maintain a UNK of film librarians and research specialists who look to this matter . END
during the making recently of an important biblical film , some 40 volumes of research material and sketches not only of costumes and interiors , but of architectural developments , sports UNK , vehicles , and other UNK were compiled , consulted , and complied with . END
but , alas , the authenticity seems to stop at the UNK edge . END
the drama itself -- and this seems to be lavishly true of biblical drama -- often has hardly any relationship with authenticity at all . END
the UNK , in sort , is wildly UNK . END
thus , in `` the story of ruth '' we have ruth , UNK , and UNK and sets that are meticulously authentic . END
but except for a vague adherence to the basic UNK -- i.e. , that ruth remained with UNK and finally wound up with UNK -- the film version has little to do with the bible . END
and in the new `` king of kings '' the plot involves UNK and twists and turns that cannot be traced to the gospels . END
earlier this month edward r. UNK , director of the united states information agency , came to hollywood and had dinner with more than 100 leaders of the motion picture industry . END
he talked about UNK UNK too . END
he intimated that they weren't doing the country much good in the cold war . END
and to an industry that UNK itself on authenticity , he urged greater realism . END
`` in many corners of the globe '' , he said , `` the major source of impressions about this country are in the movies they meet . END
would we want a UNK UNK or UNK UNK the saga of america with movies as his prime source of knowledge ? ? END
yet for much of the globe , hollywood is just that -- prime , if not sole , source of knowledge . END
if a man totally ignorant of america were to judge our land and its civilization based on hollywood alone , what conclusions do you think he might come to ? ? END
UNK d'albert , UNK violinist who made his new york debut three years ago , played a return engagement last night in UNK hall . END
he is now president of the chicago UNK college . END
his pianist was donald UNK , a faculty member at UNK university . END
the UNK of the small hall had been UNK by the artists , so that for the first half of the program , when the piano was partially open , mr. UNK playing was too loud . END
in UNK with him , mr. d'albert also seemed to be UNK his tone . END
this was not an UNK UNK to enjoyment of the performances , however , except in the case of the opening work , UNK sonata in a ( k. UNK ) , which clattered along noisily in an unrelieved fashion . END
UNK sonata in a , although also vigorous , stood up well under the two artists' strong , large-scale treatment . END
mr. d'albert has a firm , attractive tone , which UNK an overly sweet UNK . END
he made the most of the long UNK phrases , and by the directness and drive of his playing gave the work a handsome performance . END
a sonata for violin and piano , called `` UNK UNK '' , by robert UNK , was given its first united states performance . END
the title refers to the nickname given his wife by the composer , who is also a member of the national film board of canada . END
the UNK two movements , one UNK sentimental , the other brightly UNK , are clever enough in a UNK style , but they UNK a UNK idiom . END
they might well indicate UNK felicity , but in musical terms that smack of hollywood . END
works by UNK , UNK , mr. d'albert himself and UNK , indicated that the violinist had some UNK fireworks up his sleeve as well as a reserved attitude toward a lyric phrase . END
standard items by UNK and UNK completed the program . END
in recent years anna xydis has played with the new york philharmonic and at lewisohn stadium , but her program last night at town hall was the UNK pianist's first new york recital since 1948 . END
miss xydis has a natural affinity for the keyboard , and in the twenty years since her debut here she has gained the authority and inner assurance that lead to audience control . END
and the tone she commands is always beautiful in sound . END
since she also has considerable technical UNK and a feeling for music in the romantic tradition , miss xydis gave her listeners a good deal of pleasure . END
she played with style and a touch of the grand manner , and every piece she performed was especially effective in its closing measures . END
the second half of her program was devoted to russian composers of this century . END
it was in them that miss xydis was at her best . END
the UNK prelude no. 12 , op. 32 , for instance , gave her an opportunity to exploit one of her special facilities -- the ability to produce fine UNK bass tones while contrasting them simultaneously with fine silver UNK in the UNK . END
the four UNK UNK were also assured , rich in color and UNK . END
and the prokofieff seventh sonata had the combination of UNK and modern UNK that prokofieff needs . END
miss UNK earlier selections were UNK variations UNK , in which each variation was nicely set off from the others ; ; END
UNK sonata in e minor , which was UNK pleasant in sound , and UNK sonata in b flat minor . END
a memory lapse in the last somewhat marred the pianist's performance . END
so , what was the deepest music on her program had the UNK showing . END
miss xydis was best when she did not need to be too probing . END
all the generals who held important commands in world war 2 , did not write books . END
it only seems as if they did . END
and the best books by generals were not necessarily the first ones written . END
one of the very best is only now published in this country , five years after its first publication in england . END
it is `` defeat into victory '' , by field marshal UNK slim . END
a long book heavily weighted with military UNK , in this edition it is neither so long nor so technical as it was originally . END
field marshal slim has UNK it for the benefit of `` those who , finding not so great an attraction in accounts of military moves and UNK , are more interested in men and their reactions to stress , hardship and danger '' . END
the man whose reactions and conclusions get the most space is , of course , the field marshal himself . END
william joseph slim , first UNK slim , former governor general of australia , was the principal british commander in the field during the burma war . END
he had been a corps commander during the disastrous defeat and retreat of 1942 when the UNK , UNK british forces `` were UNK , UNK and UNK '' . END
he returned in command of an international army of UNK , indians , africans , chinese and british . END
and in a series of bitterly fought battles in the jungles and hills and along the great rivers of burma he waged one of the most brilliant campaigns of the war . END
`` the forgotten war '' his soldiers called the burma fighting because the war in africa and europe enjoyed priorities in equipment and in headlines . END
parts of `` defeat into victory '' are a tangle of burmese place names and military units , but a little application makes everything clear enough . END
on the whole this is an interesting and exceptionally UNK book . END
field marshal slim is striking in description , amusing in many anecdotes . END
he has a pleasant sense of humor and is modest enough to admit mistakes and even `` a cardinal error '' . END
he UNK many individuals generously . END
he himself seems to be tough , tireless , able and intelligent , more intellectual and UNK than most soldiers . END
UNK an army to win END
`` defeat into victory '' is a dramatic and lively military narrative . END
but it is most interesting in its account of the UNK problems of high command , of decisions and their reasons , of the myriad matters that demand attention in addition to battle action . END
before he could return to burma , field marshal slim had to rally the defeated UNK of a discouraged army and unite them with fresh recruits . END
his remarks about training , discipline , morale , leadership and command are UNK . END
he believed in making inspiring speeches and he made a great many . END
he believed in being seen near the front lines and he was there . END
for general morale reasons and to encourage the efforts of his supply officers , when food was short for combat troops he cut the UNK of his headquarters staff accordingly . END
other crucial matters required constant supervision : labor and all UNK troops , whose morale was vital , too ; ; END
administrative organization and delicate diplomatic relations with top brass -- british , american and chinese ; ; END
health , UNK , medical aid and preventive medicine ; ; END
hospitals ( inadequate ) and nurses ( scanty ) ; ; END
food and military supplies ; ; END
logistics and transport ; ; END
UNK and UNK ; ; END
roads and river UNK to be built . END
commenting on these and other matters , field marshal slim makes many frank and provocative remarks : END
`` when in doubt as to two courses of action , a general should choose the UNK '' . END
`` the commander has failed in his duty if he has not won victory -- for that is his duty '' . END
`` it only does harm to talk to troops about new and desirable equipment which others may have but which you cannot give them . END
so i made no mention of air transport until we could get at least some of it '' . END
field marshal slim is more impressed by the courage of japanese soldiers than he is by the ability of their commanders . END
of the japanese private he says : `` he fought and marched till he died . END
if 500 japanese were ordered to hold a position , we had to kill UNK before it was ours -- and then the last five killed themselves '' . END
brooding about future wars , the field marshal has this to say : `` the asian fighting man is at least equally brave ( as the white ) , usually more careless of death , less UNK by mental doubts , less troubled by UNK sentiment , and not so moved by slaughter and UNK around him . END
he is , by background and living standards , better fitted to endure hardship UNK , to demand less in the way of subsistence or comfort , and to look after himself when thrown on his own resources '' . END
a bunch of young UNK from out west , who go by the name of texas boys choir , UNK into town hall last night and succeeded in UNK the hearts of a sizable audience . END
actually , the program they sang was at least two-thirds serious and UNK , and they sang it beautifully . END
under the capable direction of the UNK founder , UNK UNK , the twenty-six boys made some lovely sounds in an opening group of renaissance and baroque UNK and UNK , excerpts from UNK `` UNK UNK '' and all of the UNK `` UNK of UNK '' . END
their singing was UNK , clear and , within obvious limitations , extremely pleasing . END
the limitations are those one expects from UNK and unsettled voices -- an occasional UNK of almost UNK intensity , an occasional UNK and now and then a UNK . END
but mr. UNK is a remarkably gifted conductor , and the results he has produced with his boys are generally superior . END
most surprising of all , he has accomplished some UNK in training for the production of words . END
the latin , for example , was not only clear ; ; END
it was even beautiful . END
furthermore , there were solid musical virtues in the interpretation of the music . END
lines came out neatly and in good balance . END
the piano UNK by UNK UNK were UNK . END
a boy soprano named UNK boyd sang a UNK solo UNK and a few other passages UNK . END
other capable soloists included david UNK , joseph UNK and pat thompson . END
the final group included folk songs from back home , UNK out , shouted and chanted with irresistible spirit and in cowboy costume . END
boys will be boys , and texans will be texans . END
the combination proved quite irresistible last night . END
the polish song and dance company called UNK , after the region of poland , where it has its headquarters , opened a UNK engagement at the city center last night . END
a thoroughly ingratiating company it is , and when the final curtain falls you may suddenly realize that you have been sitting with a broad grin on your face all evening . END
not that it is all funny , by any means , though some of it is definitely so , but simply that the dancers are young and handsome , UNK and communicative , and the program itself is as UNK as it is varied . END
there is no use at all in trying to follow it dance by dance and title by title , for it has a kind of UNK format , and moves along in an admirable continuity that demands no UNK for identification . END
the material is all basically of folk origin , UNK from every section of poland . END
but under the direction of UNK UNK , who with her late husband founded the organization in 1948 , it has all been put into theatrical form , treated UNK , choreographed specifically for presentation to spectators , and performed altogether professionally . END
under the surface of the wide range of folk movements is apparent a sound technical ballet training , and an equally professional sense of performing . END
since the organization was created thirteen years ago , it is obvious that this is not the original company ; ; END
it is more likely the sons and daughters of that company . END
the girls are charming children and the men are wonderfully vital and engaging youngsters . END
the stage is constantly full of them ; ; END
indeed , there are never fewer than eight of them on stage , and that is only for the more intimate numbers . END
they can be exuberant or sentimental , UNK or funny , but the only thing they seem unable to be is dull . END
to pick out particular numbers is something of a problem , but one or two identifiable items are too conspicuously excellent to be missed . END
there is , for example , a stunning UNK that closes the first act ; ; END
the UNK choreographed by UNK UNK to music from UNK opera , `` UNK UNK , may be the most beautiful UNK you are likely ever to see ; ; END
there is an enchanting UNK ; ; END
and the dances and songs from the UNK contain a magnificent dance for the men . END
everywhere there are little touches of humor , and the leader of the UNK band of musicians is an UNK comedian who plays all sorts of odd instruments with winning warmth . END
the UNK , UNK , presents `` king of hearts '' by jean kerr and eleanor UNK . END
directed by michael murray ; ; END
settings by william david roberts . END
producer john holmes has chosen a delightful comedy for his UNK opener at UNK in jean UNK `` king of hearts '' . END
the dialogue is sharp , witty and UNK -- typical `` don't eat the UNK '' material -- which has stamped the author throughout her books and plays , and it was obvious that the UNK audience liked it . END
the story is of a famous strip UNK , an UNK individual , whose specialty is the american boy and who UNK a 10-year-old to provide him with fresh idea material . END
this is when his troubles begin , not to mention a UNK artist who he UNK , and who turns out to have ideas of his own , with particular respect to the UNK UNK . END
john UNK , playing larry larkin , the UNK , carries the show in marvelous fashion . END
his portrayal of an UNK UNK artist is virtually UNK . END
this may be unfortunate , perhaps , from the standpoint of david UNK , UNK contribution to hollywood , who is appearing by special arrangement with 20th UNK . END
not that mr. UNK does not make the most of his role . END
he does , and more . END
but the book is written around a somewhat dizzy UNK , and it has to be that way . END
a word should be said for gary morgan , a broadway youngster who , as the adopted son , makes life miserable for nearly everybody and larkin in particular . END
and for his UNK , francis UNK of west warwick , who has a bit part , billy . END
on the whole , audiences will like this performance . END
it is a tremendous book , lively , constantly moving , and the UNK cast does well by it . END
the newport playhouse presents `` epitaph for george dillon '' by john UNK and anthony UNK , directed by wallace gray . END
the UNK young man in newport last night was at the playhouse , where `` epitaph for george dillon '' opened as the jazz festival closed . END
for the hero of this work by john UNK and anthony UNK is a UNK UNK by more than the lack of beer during a jam session . END
he's mad at a world he did not make . END
furthermore , he's something of a UNK , an artist whose mind and feelings are all UNK . END
this is in contrast to the family with whom he boards . END
they not only think and feel cliches but live cliches as well . END
it is into this household , one eroded by UNK that have tortured the souls out of its people , that george dillon enters at the beginning of the play . END
an unsuccessful UNK and actor , he has faith only in himself and in a talent he is not sure exists . END
by the end of the third act , the artist is dead but the body UNK on , a shell among other shells . END
not altogether a successful play , `` epitaph for george dillon '' overcomes through sheer vitality and power what in a lesser work might be crippling . END
it is awfully UNK , for instance , and not all of the talk is terribly impressive . END
but it strikes sparks on occasion and their light causes all else to be forgotten . END
there is a fine second act , as an example , one in which samuel groom , as dillon , has an opportunity to blaze away in one impassioned passage after another . END
this is an exciting young actor to watch . END
just as exciting but in a more technically proficient way is laura stuart , whose complete control of her every movement is lovely to watch . END
miss stuart is as intensely vibrant as one could wish , almost an icy shriek threatening to explode at any moment . END
also fine are sue UNK , as a mother more protective and belligerent than a female UNK and just as destructive , harold cherry , as her UNK UNK , and UNK UNK , as a vegetable in human form . END
wallace gray has directed a difficult play here , usually well , but with just a bit too much physical movement in the first act for my taste . END
still , his finale is put together with taste and a most sensitive projection of that pale UNK , despair . END
the warwick musical theater presents `` where's charley ? ? END
'' with music and lyrics by frank UNK , directed by christopher UNK , UNK by peter UNK , musical direction by samuel UNK . END
everybody fell in love with amy again last night at the warwick musical theater , and shelley berman was to blame . END
one of the finest soft shoe tunes ever invented , `` once in love with amy '' is also , of course , one of the most UNK persistent of light love lyrics to come out of american musical comedy in our era . END
so the audience last night was all ears and eyes just after act 2 , got a rousing opening chorus , `` where's charley ? ? END
'' , and berman UNK out all alone on the stage with the UNK chords and beat of the song just whispering into being . END
it is greatly to UNK credit that he made no attempt to UNK ray UNK . END
he dropped his earlier and delightful UNK , which is about the only way to handle the old war horse called `` UNK aunt '' , and let himself go with as appealing an `` amy '' as anybody could ask . END
in brief , berman played himself and not UNK . END
the big audience started UNK even before he had finished . END
the whole production this week is fresh and lively . END
the costumes are stunning UNK of the UNK UNK and picture hats of the gibson girl days . END
the ballet work is on the nose , especially in the opening number by `` the new UNK marching society and students' UNK band '' , along with a fiery and UNK brazilian UNK later . END
berman , whose fame has rested in recent years on his skills as a night club UNK , proved himself very much at home in musical comedy . END
UNK virginia gibson , with sparkling blue eyes and a cheerful smile , made a UNK UNK amy , while UNK UNK , as the real aunt , was positively monumental in the very best gibson girl manner . END
all told , `` where's charley ? ? END
'' ought not to be missed . END
it has a fast pace , excellent music , expert direction , and not only a good comedian , but an appealing person in his own right , mr. berman . END
the broadway theater league of rhode island presents c. edwin UNK and martin UNK production of `` fiorello ! ! END
'' at veterans memorial auditorium . END
the book is by jerome UNK and george UNK , music by jerry UNK , lyrics by sheldon UNK , UNK by peter UNK , scenery , costumes and lighting by william and jean UNK , musical direction by jack elliott , and the production was directed by mr. UNK . END
this is one of the happier events of the season . END
the company which performed the UNK prize musical here last night and will repeat it twice today is full of bounce , the politicians are in fine voice , the UNK evoke happy memories , and the little flower rides to break a UNK again . END
i saw `` fiorello ! ! END
'' performed in new york by the original cast and i think this company is every bit as good , and perhaps better . END
certainly in the matter of principals there is nothing lacking . END
bob carroll may not bear quite as close a physical resemblance to UNK as tom UNK does , but i was amazed at the way he became more and more fiorello as the evening progressed , until one had to catch one's self up and remember that this wasn't really UNK come back among us again . END
then rudy bond was simply grand as ben , the UNK republican party district chieftain . END
and paul UNK , as morris , the faithful one who never gets home to his UNK dinner , was fine , too . END
as for the ladies , they were full of charm , and sincerity , and deep and abiding affection for this hurrying driving , honest , little man . END
charlotte UNK was excellent as the loyal marie , who became the second mrs. UNK , singing and acting with remarkable conviction . END
jen nelson , as UNK , his first wife , managed to make that short role impressive . END
and little UNK north , a UNK with real spirit and verve , was fascinating whether she was singing of her love for UNK , the cop who becomes sewer commissioner and then is promoted into garbage , or just dancing to display her exuberant feelings . END
such fascinating novelties in the score as the UNK treatment of `` on the side of the angels '' and `` politics and poker '' were handled splendidly , and i thought rudy bond and his band of UNK UNK made `` little tin box '' even better than it was done by the new york cast ; ; END
all the words of its clever lyrics came through with perfect clarity . END
the party at UNK UNK gave the `` UNK '' a chance for a nostalgic UNK through all those UNK UNK which have become a classic UNK statement of the UNK nonsense . END
UNK UNK UNK , when he is running for congress , are well staged , and wind up in a wild jewish UNK that is really great musical theater . END
martin UNK has established quite a reputation for himself as a successful UNK of touring productions . END
not a corner has been visibly cut in this one . END
the sets are remarkably elaborate for a UNK that doesn't pause long in any one place , and they are devised so that they shift with a minimum of interruption or UNK . END
( several times recently i have wondered whether shows were being staged for the sake of the script or just to entertain the audience with the spectacle of scenery being shifted right in front of their eyes . END
i'm glad to say there's none of that UNK in this `` fiorello ! ! END
it has all been done in superb style , and the result is a show which deserves the support of every person UNK who enjoys good musical theater . END
UNK theater presents `` where the boys are '' , an UNK picture produced by joe UNK and directed by henry UNK from a UNK by george wells . END
since the hero , a sterling and upright fellow , is a rich brown senior , while two UNK are cast as virtual UNK , i suppose i should UNK myself from sitting in judgment on `` where the boys are '' , but i shall do nothing of the sort . END
instead -- and not just to prove my UNK -- i UNK to report that it's a highly amusing film which probably does a fairly accurate job of reporting on the easter vacation UNK of UNK down in fort lauderdale , and that it seems to come to grips quite honestly with the moral problem that most commonly UNK youngsters in this age group -- that is to say , sex . END
the answers the girls give struck me as reasonably varied and UNK individual . END
if most of them weren't exactly specific -- well , that's the way it is in life , i guess . END
but at least it's reassuring to see some teenagers who don't profess to know all the answers and are thinking about their problems instead . END
`` where the boys are '' also has a juvenile bounce that makes for a refreshing venture in comedy . END
there are some sharp and whipping lines and some UNK funny situations -- the best of the latter being a mass UNK plunge into a UNK tank where a `` UNK '' is performing . END
most of the female faces are new , or at least not too familiar . END
dolores hart , is charming in a leading role , and quite UNK . END
i was delighted with paula UNK comedy performance , which was as fresh and UNK as one's highest hopes might ask . END
a couple of the males made good comedy , too -- jim UNK and frank UNK . END
the only performance which was too soft for me was that of UNK UNK , but since someone had to become the victim of UNK , just to emphasize that such things do happen at these UNK , i suppose this was the attitude the part called for . END
i must say , however , that i preferred the acting that had something of a biting edge to it . END
to anyone who remembers newport at its less than maximum violence , this view of what the boys and girls do in the springtime before they wing north for the jazz festival ought to prove entertaining . END
the second feature , `` the price of silence '' , is a british detective story that will talk your head off . END
the superb intellectual and spiritual vitality of william james was never more evident than in his letters . END
here was a man with an enormous gift for living as well as thinking . END
to both persons and ideas he brought the same delighted interest , the same UNK relish for what was unique in each , the same discriminating sensibility and UNK intelligence , the same UNK of judgment . END
for this latest addition to the great letters series , under the general UNK of louis UNK , miss UNK has made a selection which admirably displays the variety of UNK genius , not to mention the UNK of his style . END
and how he could write ! ! END
his famous criticism of brother UNK `` third style '' is surely as subtly , even UNK , worded an analysis of the latter's intricate air castles as henry himself could ever have produced . END
his letter to his daughter on the pains of growing up is surely as trenchant , forthright , and warmly understanding a piece of advice as ever a grown-up penned to a sensitive child , and with just the right tone of UNK good humor . END
most of all , his letters to his philosophic colleagues show a UNK as well as an honesty which help to explain UNK reference to james as `` that UNK genius '' . END
miss UNK speaks of his `` superb gift for intellectual friendship '' , and it is certainly a joy to see the intellectual life lived so free from either academic UNK or passionate dogmatism . END
this is a virtue of which we have great need in a society where there seems to be an increasing lack of communication -- or even desire for communication -- between UNK schools of thought . END
it holds an equally valuable lesson for a society where the word `` intellectual '' has become a term of UNK to millions of UNK people who somehow imagine that it must be destructive of the simpler human virtues . END
to his harvard colleague , UNK UNK , whose philosophic position differed radically from his own , james could write , `` different as our minds are , yours has nourished mine , as no other social influence ever has , and in converse with you i have always felt that my life was being lived importantly '' . END
of another colleague , george UNK , he could write : `` the great event in my life recently has been the reading of UNK book . END
although i absolutely reject the platonism of it , i have literally UNK with delight at the UNK perfection with which the position is laid down on page after page '' . END
writing to his colleague george herbert palmer -- `` glorious old palmer '' , as he addresses him -- james says that if only the students at harvard could really understand UNK , UNK , palmer , and himself and see that their varying systems are `` so many religions , ways of UNK life , and worth fighting for '' , then harvard would have a genuine philosophic universe . END
`` the best condition of it would be an open conflict and rivalry of the diverse systems . END
the world might ring with the struggle , if we devoted ourselves exclusively to UNK each other '' . END
the `` UNK '' is of course jocular , yet james was not lacking in fundamental seriousness -- unless we measure him by that ultimate seriousness of the great religious leader or thinker who stakes all on his vision of god . END
to james this vision never quite came , despite his appreciation of it in others . END
but there is a dignity and even a hint of the inspired prophet in his words to one correspondent : `` you ask what i am going to ' reply ' to bradley . END
but why need one reply to everything and everybody ? ? END
i think that readers generally hate minute UNK and UNK . END
all UNK of ours should , i believe , be either very broad statements of contrast , or fine points treated singly , and as far as possible UNK . END
as far as the rising generation goes , why not simply express ourselves positively , and trust that the UNK view quietly will UNK the other . END
here again ' god will know his own ' '' . END
the collected works of james thurber , now numbering 25 volumes ( including the present exhibit ) represent a high standard of literary excellence , as every UNK knows . END
the UNK quality of his drawings , akin to that of UNK scratched on a cave wall , is equally well known . END
about all that remains to be said is that the present selection , most of which appeared first in the new yorker , UNK ( as usual ) a slightly UNK UNK , held together by little more than a slender thread UNK inserted in the spine of the book . END
the one unifying note , if any , is sounded in the initial article entitled : `` how to get through the day '' . END
it is repeated at intervals in some rather sadly desperate UNK for UNK , the UNK , and others forced to rely on inner resources , including ( in the UNK alone ) `` UNK '' , `` UNK '' , and `` UNK '' . END
`` the tyranny of UNK '' suggests arbitrary alphabetical associations to induce UNK . END
and new UNK of UNK UNK are opened by scholarly UNK entitled : `` friends , romans , countrymen , lend me your UNK '' , `` such a phrase as drifts through dream '' , and `` the new UNK '' . END
some of UNK UNK methods involve strong UNK of mixed metaphor , UNK , and UNK and are recommended for use only in extreme cases . END
a UNK UNK entitled : `` UNK the herald tribune , times , and all the other angels sing '' brilliantly succeeds in exaggerating even UNK UNK . END
`` how the UNK UNK '' features an UNK accurate take-off on UNK UNK who attempt to UNK UNK commercials , and `` the UNK of the night '' is a veritable waking nightmare . END
a UNK literary document entitled `` the wings of henry james '' is noteworthy , if only for a UNK trenchant though UNK comment on the master's difficult later period by modest owen UNK , author of `` the virginian '' . END
james , he remarks in a letter to a friend , `` is attempting the impossible namely , to produce upon the reader , as a painting produces upon the UNK , a number of superimposed , simultaneous impressions . END
he would like to put several sentences on top of each other so that you could read them all at once , and get all at once , the various UNK and complexities '' . END
equally penetrating in its fashion is the following remark by a lady in the course of a literary conversation : `` so much has already been written about everything that you can't find out anything about it '' . END
or the mildly UNK utterance ( also a quotation ) : `` woman's place is in the wrong '' . END
who but thurber can be counted on to UNK such UNK UNK ? ? END
a tribute to UNK `` UNK '' seems terribly funny , though it would be hard to explain why . END
`` one of them banged the UNK of the window nearest my bed around midnight in july and i leaped out of sleep and out of bed . END
' it's just a bat ' , said my wife UNK , and i sighed with relief . END
' thank god for that ' , i said ; ; END
' i thought it was a human being ' '' . END
in a sense , perhaps , thurber is indebted artistically to the UNK painter ( was it UNK UNK ? ? END
) who first conceived the startling fancy of a picture window in the abdomen . END
that is , it is literally a picture window : you don't see into the UNK ; ; END
you see a picture -- trees , or flowers . END
this is something like what UNK best effects are like , if i am not mistaken . END
though no longer able to turn out his UNK UNK sketches ( several old favorites are scattered through the present volume ) thurber has retained UNK his vision of humor as a thing of simple , UNK UNK . END
in his concluding paragraph he writes : `` the devoted writer of humor will continue to try to come as close to truth as he can '' . END
for many readers thurber comes closer than anyone else in sight . END
the latest low is a UNK . END
the master's hand has lost none of its craft . END
he is at his usual best in exposing the UNK and UNK of political and diplomatic life in the fifties . END
the reader meets a few old friends like UNK and the UNK horse , and becomes better acquainted with new members of the cast of characters like the bomb itself , and civilization in her classic robe watching the nuclear arms race , her hair standing straight out . END
but there is a difference between the present volume and the early low . END
there is fear in the fifties as his title suggests and as his competent drawings show . END
but there was terror in the thirties when the nazis were on the loose and in those days low struck like lightning . END
anyone can draw his own conclusions from this difference . END
it might be argued that the communists are less inhuman than the nazis and furnish the artist with drama in a lower key . END
but this argument cannot be pushed very far because the communist system makes up for any shortcomings of its leaders in respect to corrosion . END
the communists UNK a power unknown to hitler . END
and the leading issue , that of UNK aggression , remains the same . END
this is drama enough . END
do we ourselves offer mr. low less of a crusade ? ? END
in the thirties we would not face our enemy ; ; END
that was a UNK situation and low was in his element . END
now we have stood up to the communists ; ; END
we are stronger and more UNK -- and low cannot so easily put us to rights . END
or does the reason for less UNK drawings lie elsewhere ? ? END
it might be that low has seen too many UNK and that they do not outrage him now . END
he writes , `` UNK held that in times of stress one should take short views -- only up to UNK '' . END
whatever the cause , his mood in the fifties rarely rises above the level of the UNK UNK . END
he does not seem to have caught the subtleties of the man . END
the skies turn dark but the clouds do not loose their wrath . END
low seems to have supported eden at first and then UNK because things worked out differently , so there is no fire in his eye . END
stalin's death , UNK farewell to public life , UNK and UNK on UNK , UNK and UNK -- all subjects for a noble anger or an UNK . END
instead the cartoons seem to deal with UNK . END
their eisenhower is UNK . END
did low decide to let well enough alone when he made his selections ? ? END
he often drew the bomb . END
he showed puny men attacked by splendidly UNK machines . END
and khrushchev turned out to be prime copy for the most witty UNK of them all . END
but , but and but . END
look in this book for weak UNK and only on occasion for virtues and vices on the heroic scale . END
read the moderately brief text , not for UNK , sometimes for tart UNK , once in a while for an explosion in the middle of your fixed ideas . END
a gray fox with a patch on one eye -- confidence man , city UNK , UNK specialist -- tries to take over UNK bend in this third relaxed UNK from mr. UNK refreshing louisiana animal community . END
the fox is all ingratiating smiles when he arrives from new orleans , accompanied by one wharf rat . END
but like all UNK , as he builds his following from among the UNK , he grows more threatening toward those who won't follow -- such solid citizens as doc UNK ; ; END
judge black , the UNK black snake ; ; END
and the eagle , who leads the bird community when he is not too busy in washington UNK for UNK pieces . END
as soon as the fox has taken hold on most of the populace he imports more wharf UNK , who , of course , say they are the UNK victims of an UNK campaign in the city . END
( the followers of UNK invariably are UNK about the very things they plan to do to others . END
) they train the mink and other animals to fight . END
and pretty soon gray fox is announcing that he won't have anyone around that's against him , and setting out to break his second territorial treaty with the birds . END
robert UNK , the poet , writes in his introduction to this brief animal UNK that mr. UNK ought to win a nobel prize for the UNK bend series . END
he may have a point in urging that UNK themes be given fewer prizes . END
but it's hard to imagine mr. UNK as a nobel UNK on the basis of these charming but not really momentous UNK . END
in substance they lie somewhere between the southern dialect animal stories of joel chandler harris ( uncle UNK ) and the polished , witty UNK of james thurber . END
george UNK account of relations between russia and the west from the fall of UNK to the end of world war 2 , is the finest piece of diplomatic history that has appeared in many years . END
it combines qualities that are seldom found in one work : UNK scholarship , a fund of personal experience , a sense of drama and characterization and a broad grasp of the UNK great historical issues . END
in short , the book , based largely on lectures delivered at harvard university , is both reliable and UNK ; ; END
the author possesses an UNK fine english style , and he is dealing with subjects of vast importance that are highly topical for our time . END
if mr. kennan is sometimes a little UNK in his UNK , if his analysis of how western diplomacy met the challenge of an era of great wars and social revolutions is often critical and pessimistic -- well , the record itself is not too encouraging . END
mr. kennan takes careful account of every UNK circumstance in recalling the historical atmosphere in which mistaken decisions were taken . END
but he rejects , perhaps a little too UNK , the theory that UNK and pro-communist influences may have contributed to the policy of UNK stalin which persisted until after the end of the war and reached its high point at the yalta conference in february , 1945 . END
after all , UNK UNK , subsequently convicted of UNK in denying that he gave secret state department documents to soviet agents , was at yalta . END
and harry UNK white , UNK in UNK reports in communist associations , was one of the architects of the UNK plan , which had it ever been put into full operation , would have simply handed germany to stalin . END
one item in this unhappy scheme was to have germany UNK exclusively by its continental neighbors , among whom only the soviet union possessed real military strength . END
it is quite probable , however , that stupidity , UNK and childish adherence to slogans like `` unconditional surrender '' had more to do with the unsatisfactory settlements at the end of the war than treason or sympathy with communism . END
mr. kennan sums up his judgment of what went wrong this way : END
`` you see , first of all and in a sense as the source of all other ills , the UNK american commitment to the principle of unconditional surrender : the tendency to view any war in which we might be involved not as a means of achieving limited objectives in the way of changes in a given status quo , but as a struggle to the death between total virtue and total evil , with the result that the war had absolutely to be fought to the complete destruction of the enemy's power , no matter what disadvantages or complications this might involve for the more distant future '' . END
recognizing that there could have been no effective negotiated peace with hitler , he points out the shocking failure to give support to the UNK underground , which very nearly eliminated hitler in 1944 . END
a veteran diplomat with an extraordinary knowledge of russian language , history and literature , kennan recalls how , at the time of hitler's attack on the soviet union in 1941 , he penned a private note to a state department official , expressing the hope that `` never would we associate ourselves with russian purposes in the areas of eastern europe beyond her own boundaries '' . END
the hope was vain . END
with justified bitterness the author speaks of `` what seems to me to have been an UNK body of ignorance about the nature of the russian communist movement , about the history of its diplomacy , about what had happened in the UNK , and about what had been going on in poland and the UNK states '' . END
he also speaks of franklin d. roosevelt's `` UNK '' assumption that `` if only he ( stalin ) could be exposed to the persuasive charm of someone like UNK himself , ideological UNK would melt and russia's co-operation with the west could be easily arranged '' . END
no wonder khrushchev's first message to president kennedy was a UNK desire for the return of the `` good old days '' of roosevelt . END
this fascinating story begins with a sketch , rich in personal detail , of the glancing mutual impact of world war 1 , and the two UNK of the russian revolution . END
the first of these involved the replacement of the UNK by a liberal provisional government in march , 1917 ; ; END
the second , the seizure of power by the UNK ( who later called themselves communists ) in november of the same year . END
as kennan shows , the judgment of the allied governments about what was happening in russia was UNK by the obsession of UNK germany . END
they were blind to the evidence that nothing could keep the russian people fighting . END
they attributed everything that went wrong in russia to german influence and intrigue . END
this , more than any other factor , led to the fiasco of allied intervention . END
as the author very justly says : END
`` had a world war not been in progress , there would never , under any conceivable stretch of the imagination , have been an allied intervention in north russia '' . END
the scope and significance of this intervention have been grossly exaggerated by communist propaganda ; ; END
here kennan , operating with precise facts and figures , performs an excellent job of UNK . END
of many passages in the book that UNK the author's vivid style , the UNK of the two UNK UNK whose crimes make those of crowned UNK pale by comparison may be selected . END
`` this was a man of incredible criminality , of a criminality effectively without limits ; ; END
a man apparently foreign to the very experience of love , without mercy or pity ; ; END
a man in whose entourage none was ever safe ; ; END
a man whose hand was set against all that could not be useful to him at the moment ; ; END
a man who was most dangerous of all to those who were his closest collaborators in crime . END
and here is UNK image of hitler , stalin's temporary UNK in the UNK and oppression of weaker peoples , and his later enemy : END
`` behind that charlie UNK UNK and that UNK lock of hair that always covered his forehead , behind the UNK and the sulky UNK , the passionate UNK and the occasional dull evasive stare , behind the prejudices , the cynicism , the total UNK of behavior , behind even the tendency to great strategic mistakes , there lay a statesman of no mean qualities : shrewd , calculating , in many ways realistic , endowed -- like stalin -- with considerable powers of UNK , capable of playing his cards very close to his chest when he so desired , yet bold and resolute in his decisions , and possessing one gift stalin did not possess : the ability to UNK men to fever pitch of personal devotion and enthusiasm by the power of the spoken word '' . END
two criticisms of this generally admirable and fascinating book involve the treatment of wartime diplomacy which is jagged at the edges -- there is no mention of the UNK conference or the UNK plan . END
and in a concluding chapter about america's stance in the contemporary world , one senses certain UNK of emphasis and a failure to come to grips with the baffling UNK of our time : how to deal with a UNK and aggressive enemy without UNK and without war . END
but one should not ask for everything . END
mr. kennan , who has recently abandoned UNK for a new round of diplomacy as the recently appointed american ambassador to yugoslavia , is not the only man who finds it easier to portray the past than to prescribe for the future . END
the story of a quarter of a century of UNK relations is vitally important , and it is told with the fire of a first-rate historical narrator . END
the ireland we usually hear about in the theater is a place of bitter political or domestic unrest , lightened occasionally with flashes of native wit and charm . END
in `` donnybrook '' , there is quite a different UNK , a rural land where singing , dancing , UNK and UNK are the thing . END
there is plenty of violence , to be sure , but it is a nice violence and no one gets killed . END
by and large , robert UNK adaptation of maurice UNK film , `` the quiet man '' , provides the entertainment it set out to , and we have a lively musical show if not a UNK one . END
this is the tale of one john UNK , an american who has accidentally killed a man in the prize ring and is now trying to forget about it in a quiet place where he may become a quiet man . END
but UNK , where ellen UNK UNK and her UNK brother , will , live , is no place for a man who will not use his fists . END
so UNK UNK of the UNK ellen is impeded considerably , thereby providing the tale which is told . END
you may be sure he UNK her in the end and has a fine old UNK fight with the brother , and that there are plenty of minor UNK along the way to ensure that you understand what the word donnybrook means . END
then there is a UNK , one UNK UNK , a role for which eddie UNK was happily selected . END
now there is no reason in the world why a UNK in ireland should happen also to be a talented UNK dancer and gifted UNK of movements of the limbs , torso and neck , except that these talents add immensely to the enjoyment of the play . END
mr. UNK is a joy , having learned his dancing by practicing it until he is practically perfect . END
his UNK is , naturally , incidental , and it only serves UNK right when a determined widow takes him by the ear and leads him off to UNK . END
art UNK , a fine big actor with a great head of blond hair and a good voice , UNK UNK . END
although he is not UNK with the subtleties of romantic technique , that's not what an UNK fighter is supposed to have , anyway . END
joan UNK , a fiery redhead who can impress you that she has a temper whether she really has one or not , plays ellen , and sings the role very well , too . END
if the UNK which ellen exhibits has a bit of theatrical dross in it , never mind ; ; END
she fits into the general scheme well enough . END
susan johnson , as the widow , spends the first half of the play running a bar and singing about the UNK death of her late husband and the second half trying to acquire a new one . END
she has a good , firm delivery of songs and adds to the solid virtues of the evening . END
then there are a pair of old UNK played by grace UNK and UNK UNK who may be right off the shelf of stock irish characters , but they put such a combination of good will and UNK into their parts that they're quite entertaining . END
and in the role of will UNK , philip UNK UNK and UNK sufficiently to UNK not only one american but the whole british army , if he chose . END
`` donnybrook '' is no `` UNK '' , but it does have some very nice romantic background touches and some excellent dancing . END
the ballads are sweet and sad , and the music generally competent . END
it sometimes threatens to linger in the memory after the final curtain , and some of it , such as the UNK `` UNK i '' , does . END
`` a toast to the bride '' , sung by clarence UNK , playing a character called old man UNK , is quite simple , direct and touching . END
the men of UNK are got up UNK in cloth caps and sweaters , and their dancing and singing is fine . END
so is that of the UNK company of UNK who UNK and UNK and UNK under jack UNK expert UNK direction . END
the male dancers sometimes wear UNK and their performance in them is spirited and stimulating . END
UNK UNK , in his stage settings , often uses the UNK curtain behind which mr. UNK has placed couples or groups who sing and set the mood for the scenes which are to follow . END
there is no reason why most UNK should not have a pretty good time at `` donnybrook '' , unless they are permanently in the mood of UNK when he sings about how easily he could hate the UNK irish . END
we can all breathe more easily this morning -- more easily and UNK , too -- because joshua UNK has turned the stage show , `` UNK '' , into a delightful and UNK film . END
the task of taking the raw material of UNK UNK original trio of french films about people of the waterfront in UNK and putting them again on the screen , after their passage through the broadway musical idiom , was a delicate and perilous one , indeed . END
more than the fans of UNK old films and of their heroic star , the great UNK , were looking UNK at the project . END
the fans of the musical were , too . END
but now the task is completed and the uncertainty resolved with the opening of the UNK picture at the music hall yesterday . END
whether fan of the UNK films or stage show , whether partial to music or not , you can't help but derive joy from this picture if you have a sense of humor and a heart . END
some of the new york philharmonic musicians who live in the suburbs spent yesterday morning digging themselves free from snow . END
a tiny handful never did make the concert . END
but , after a UNK delay , the substantially complete philharmonic assembled on stage for the UNK proceedings . END
they faced a rather small audience , as quite a few subscribers apparently had decided to UNK the pleasures of the afternoon . END
it was an excellent concert . END
paul UNK , rounding out his current stint with the orchestra , is a solid musician , and the philharmonic plays for him . END
their collaboration in the beethoven second symphony was lucid , intelligent and natural UNK . END
it was not a heavy , UNK beethoven . END
the music sang nicely , UNK evenly when necessary , was properly UNK and balanced . END
the UNK symphonic poem , `` psyche '' , is a lush , UNK affair that was pleasant to encounter once again . END
fortunate for the music itself , it is not too frequent a visitor ; ; END
if it were , its heavily chromatic harmonies would soon become UNK . END
mr. UNK resisted the temptation to UNK the melodic elements of the score . END
he did not let the strings , for instance , weep , whine or get hysterical . END
his interpretation was a model of refinement and accuracy . END
and in the prokofieff c major piano concerto , with UNK skolovsky as soloist , he was an admirable partner . END
mr. UNK approach to the concerto was bold , sweeping and UNK percussive . END
he swept through the music with ease , in a UNK and UNK manner . END
an impressive technician , mr. skolovsky has fine rhythm , to boot . END
his tone is the UNK part of his equipment ; ; END
it tends to be hard and UNK . END
a school of thought has it that those attributes are exactly what this concerto needs . END
it is , after all , a UNK work ( even with the big , juicy melody of the second movement ) ; ; END
and the composer himself was called the `` age of steel pianist '' . END
but granted all this , one still would have liked to have heard a little more tonal UNK than mr. skolovsky supplied . END
taken as a whole , though , it was a strong performance from both pianist and orchestra . END
mr. skolovsky fully deserved the warm reception he received . END
a new work on the program was UNK UNK `` festival overture '' , receiving its first new york hearing . END
this was composed last year as a UNK to the automobile industry . END
it is not program music , though . END
it runs a little more than ten minutes , is UNK , busy , methodical and UNK . END
`` la UNK '' , like it or not , is a UNK opera . END
and so , of course , it is a UNK opera as well . END
snow or no , the fans were present in force at the metropolitan opera last night for a performance of the UNK work . END
so the plot UNK , the sets are decaying , the costumes are UNK , the orchestra was UNK and not very well connected with what the singers were doing . END
after all , the opera has juicy music to sing and the UNK are well distributed , with no less than six leading parts . END
one of those parts is that of evil , evil UNK , the spy . END
his wicked deeds were carried on by UNK UNK , who was taking the part for the first time with the company . END
he has the temperament and the stage presence for a rousing UNK and he sang with character and strong tone . END
what was lacking was a real sense of phrase , the kind of UNK singing that would have added a dimension of smoothness to what is , after all , a very oily character . END
UNK UNK as laura and UNK UNK as UNK also were new to the cast , but only with respect to this season ; ; END
they have both sung these parts here before . END
laura is a good role for miss UNK , and she gave it force , dramatic color and passion . END
mr. UNK was , as always , a UNK actor ; ; END
with a few telling strokes he characterized UNK magnificently . END
part of this characterization was , of course , accomplished with the vocal chords . END
his singing was strong and musical ; ; END
unfortunately his voice was out of focus and often spread in quality . END
eileen farrell in the title role , UNK dunn as la UNK and richard tucker as UNK were UNK from earlier performances this season , and all contributed to a vigorous performance . END
if only they and UNK UNK in the pit had got together a bit more . END
`` melodious birds sing UNK '' saith the poet and no better description of the UNK of the UNK UNK could be imagined . END
their UNK album madrigal UNK ( UNK UNK ; ; END
stereo UNK UNK ) is a good sample of the special , elegant art of english madrigal singing . END
it also makes a fine introduction to the international art form with good examples of italian and english UNK plus several french `` UNK '' . END
the english have managed to hold onto their madrigal tradition better than anyone else . END
the original impulses came to england late ( in the sixteenth century ) and continue strong long after everyone else had gone on to the baroque UNK UNK , sonatas , UNK and the like . END
even after elizabethan traditions were weakened by the UNK UNK , the practice of singing together -- UNK , UNK and UNK -- always flourished . END
the english never again developed a strong native music that could UNK the traces of an earlier great age the way , say , the opera in italy UNK out the italian madrigal . END
UNK interest in elizabethan singing dates well back into the nineteenth century in england , much ahead of similar revivals in other countries . END
as a result no comparable literature of the period is better known and better studied nor more often performed than the english madrigal . END
naturally , mr. UNK and the other singers in his UNK are most charming and elegant when they are squarely in their tradition and singing music by their countrymen : william byrd , thomas UNK and thomas UNK . END
there is an almost instrumental quality to their singing , with a tendency to lift out important lines and make them lead the musical texture . END
both techniques give the music purity and clarity . END
claude UNK vocal description of a battle ( the french equivalents of UNK , UNK , and UNK are very picturesque ) is lots of fun , and the singers get a sense of grace and shape into other UNK by UNK and UNK . END
only with the more sensual , intense and baroque expressions of UNK , UNK and UNK does the singing seem a little superficial . END
nevertheless , the UNK , accuracy and infectious charm of these performances , excellently reproduced , make it an attractive UNK at the period . END
the works are presented UNK . END
texts and UNK are provided . END
the elements of elegance and color in UNK are strong french characteristics . END
baroque instrumental music in italy and germany tends to be strong , lively , intense , controlled and quite abstract . END
in france , it remained always more picturesque , more UNK , more full of flavor . END
couperin and UNK gave titles to nearly everything they wrote , not in the later sense of `` program music '' but as a kind of UNK reference for the close , clear musical forms filled with keen wit and precise utterance . END
both composers turn up on new imports from france . END
bam is the unlikely name of a french recording company whose full label is editions de la UNK a UNK . END
they UNK in UNK items and old french music naturally occupies a good deal of their attention . END
UNK et concerts UNK of couperin le grand occupy two disks ( UNK and UNK ) and reveal the impeccable taste and workmanship of this master -- delicate , flexible and UNK . END
the concerts -- UNK 2 , 6 , 9 , 10 and 14 are represented -- are really closer to chamber suites than to concertos in the italian sense . END
the sonatas , `` la UNK '' , `` la UNK '' , `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' , are often more elaborately worked out and , in fact , show a strong italian influence . END
couperin also turns up along with some UNK contemporaries on a disk called UNK UNK du UNK UNK ( bam UNK UNK ) . END
UNK UNK still is remembered a bit , but UNK de UNK , UNK and UNK are hardly household words . END
what is interesting about these chamber works here is how they all reveal the aspect of french music that was moving toward the rococo . END
the couperin `` la UNK '' , with its battle music , UNK , wit and refined simplicity , already shakes off UNK and points towards the UNK UNK that ended the baroque era . END
if couperin shows the fashionable trend , the others do so all the more . END
all these records have close , attractive sound and the performances by a variety of UNK is characteristic . END
rameau's six concerts en UNK , recorded by UNK de chambre pierre UNK ( bam UNK UNK ) , turn out to be UNK pieces arranged for strings apparently by the composer himself . END
the strange , delightful little character pieces with their odd and sometimes inexplicable titles are still UNK and gracious . END
UNK UNK des UNK et UNK UNK contains music by UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK , well performed by the ensemble instrumental UNK UNK ( bam UNK UNK ) . END
rococo music -- a lot of it -- was played in carnegie recital hall on saturday night in the first of four concerts being sponsored this season by a new organization known as globe concert arts . END
works by j. c. bach , UNK craft , joseph UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK and j. g. UNK were performed by seven UNK including UNK UNK , UNK , UNK marx , UNK , and robert conant , pianist and UNK . END
since rococo music tends to be pretty and elegant above all , it can seem rather UNK to twentieth-century ears that have grown accustomed to the stress and UNK of composers from beethoven to UNK . END
thus there was really an excess of eighteenth-century charm as one of these UNK pieces followed another on saturday night . END
each might find a useful place in a varied musical program , but taken together they grew quite UNK . END
the performances were variable , those of the full ensemble being generally satisfying , some by soloists proving rather trying . END
UNK mao , soprano , and frederick fuller , baritone , presented a program of UNK entitled `` east meets west '' in carnegie recital hall last night . END
they were accompanied by anna UNK lee , pianist . END
selections from fifteen countries were sung as UNK and UNK in a broad range of languages . END
songs from china and japan were reserved exclusively for miss mao , who is a native of china , and those of the british isles were sung by mr. fuller , who is english by birth . END
this was not a program intended to illustrate authentic folk styles . END
on the contrary , miss mao and mr. fuller chose many of their arrangements from the works of composers such as UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK . END
there was , therefore , more musical substance in the concert than might have been the case otherwise . END
the performances were assured , communicative and UNK informal . END
what was omitted from `` a neglected education '' were those UNK known as `` the facts of life '' . END
UNK little UNK operetta , presented yesterday afternoon at town hall , is a fragile , precious little piece , very french , not without wit and charm . END
the poor UNK UNK , a certain UNK de UNK , has his problems in getting the necessary information . END
the humor of the situation can be imagined . END
it all takes place in the eighteenth century . END
what a silly , artificial way of life , UNK and his UNK chuckle . END
but they wish they could bring it back . END
UNK delightful music stands just at the point where the classical , UNK tradition , ( handed down to UNK largely in the form of operetta and UNK music ) becomes virtually UNK . END
the musical UNK and spirit plus a strong sense of taste and measure save a wry little joke from becoming either UNK or UNK . END
the simple , clever production was also able to tread the thin line between those extremes . END
arlene UNK was charming as poor UNK . END
yes , arlene is her name ; ; END
the work uses the old eighteenth-century tradition of giving the part of a young inexperienced youth to a soprano . END
UNK UNK was delightful as the young wife and john UNK was amusing as the tutor who failed to do all his UNK . END
the work was presented as the final event in the town hall festival of music . END
it was paired with a UNK UNK opera , `` the poor sailor '' , set to a UNK by jean UNK , a kind of grand UNK by the sea , a sailor returns , UNK , and gets done in by his wife . END
with the exception of a few spots , UNK music mostly UNK away with his usual collection of UNK , odd harmonies , and UNK , satiric UNK . END
had a funny experience at newport yesterday afternoon . END
sat there and as a woman sang , she kept getting thinner and thinner , right before my eyes , and the eyes of some UNK other people . END
i make this observation about the lady , miss judy garland , because she brought up the subject herself in telling a story about a british female reporter who flattered her terribly in london recently and then wrote in the paper the next day : END
`` judy garland has arrived in london . END
but who cares , when the lady sings ? ? END
certainly not the largest afternoon audience newport has ever had at a jazz concert and the most attentive and quiet . END
they applauded every number , not only at its conclusion but also at the first statement of the theme -- sometimes at the first chord . END
and judy sang the lovely old familiar things which seemed , at times , a blessed relief from the UNK compositions of the progressive UNK who have dominated these proceedings . END
things like `` when you're smiling '' , `` almost like being in love '' , `` do it again '' , `` born to wander '' , `` alone together '' , `` who cares ? ? END
'' , `` UNK on the UNK '' , `` how long has this been going on ? ? END
'' and her own personal songs like `` the man that got away '' , and the inevitable `` over the rainbow '' . END
miss garland is not only one of the great singers of our time but she is one of the superb UNK . END
at the start of her program there were evidences of UNK . END
she had held to the letter of her contract and didn't come onto the stage until well after 4 p.m. , the appointed hour , although the music at newport people had tried to get the program UNK at 3 . END
then there was a bad delay in getting UNK UNK UNK orchestra UNK into its chairs . END
along about UNK , just when it was getting to be about time to turn the audience over and toast them on the other side , judy came on singing , in a UNK blue dress with a blue and white jacket that UNK in the wind . END
her UNK UNK was fortunately combed on the left which happened to be the direction from which a brisk breeze was blowing . END
in her first song she waved away one UNK photographer who dared approach the throne UNK and thereafter the boys with the cameras had to UNK their 300 mm. lenses and shoot at extreme range . END
there also came a brief UNK with the sound UNK who made the mistake of being overheard during a quiet moment near the conclusion of `` do it again '' , and she made the tart observation that `` i never saw so much moving about in an audience '' . END
but it didn't take judy garland , UNK , long to realize that this sort of thing was par for the course at newport and that you have to learn to live with it . END
before her chore was finished she was UNK UNK sheets of music , UNK microphones about the stage , helping to move the piano and otherwise joining in the informal atmosphere . END
and time after time she really UNK out her songs . END
sometimes they struck me as UNK UNK -- which was the way i felt about her `` come rain or come shine '' -- and sometimes they were just plain magnificent , like her UNK beautiful `` beautiful weather '' . END
to her partisan audience , such UNK UNK would have seemed nothing more than a critic striving to hold his franchise ; ; END
they just sat back on their haunches and cried for more , as though they could never get enough . END
they were UNK with splendid , exciting , singing . END
her `` UNK your baby '' was as good as it can be done , and her really personal songs , like `` the man that got away '' were deeply moving . END
the audience wouldn't let her leave until it had heard `` over the rainbow '' -- although the fellow that kept crying for `` get happy '' had to go home unhappy , about that item anyway . END
she was generous with her UNK and the audience was equally so with its cheers and applause and flowers . END
all went home happy except the newport police , who feared that the UNK departing at UNK might meet UNK the night crowd drawing UNK , and those deprived of their happy hour at the cocktail bar . END
in newport last night there were flashes of distant lightning in the northern skies . END
this was perhaps symbolic of the jazz of the evening -- flashes in the distance , but no storm . END
several times it came near breaking , and there were in fact some lovely UNK of thunder from jerry mulligan's big band , which is about as fine an UNK as has come along in the jazz business since john UNK found count UNK working in a kansas city trap . END
mulligan's band has been infected with his solid sense of swing , and what it does seems far more meaningful than most of the noise generated by the big concert UNK . END
but what is equally impressive is the delicacy and wonderful lyric quality of both the band and mulligan's baritone sax in a fragile ballad like bob UNK arrangement of `` UNK castle '' . END
for subtle swinging rhythms , i could admire intensely mulligan's version of `` weep '' , and the fireworks went on display in `` 18 carrots for robert '' , a sax tribute to johnny hodges . END
there was considerable contrast between this UNK performance and that of art UNK and the jazz UNK , who are able to generate a tremendous sound for such a small group . END
unfortunately , UNK doesn't choose to work much of the time in this vein . END
he prefers to have his soloist performing and thus we get only brief glimpses of what his ensemble work is like . END
what we did get , however , was impressive . END
a few drops of rain just before midnight , when sarah UNK was in the midst of her first number , scattered the more timid members of the audience briefly , but at this hour and with sarah on the stand , most of the listeners didn't care whether they got wet . END
miss UNK was back in top form , somehow UNK and improved with the passage of time -- like a fine wine . END
after the UNK of female UNK we have been having , all of whom took sarah as a point of departure and then tried to see what they could do that might make her seem old hat , it seemed that all that has happened is to make the real thing seem better than ever . END
the evening program was opened by the jazz three , a newport group consisting of UNK UNK on bass , jack UNK , drums , and don cook , piano . END
this was a continuation of a good idea which was first tried out saturday night when the eddie stack group , also local talent , went on first . END
putting on local musicians at this place in the program serves a triple purpose : it saves the top flight jazz men from being wasted in this UNK spot , when the audience is cold , restless , and in flux ; ; END
it prevents UNK from missing some of the people they have come a long way to hear , and it gives the resident musicians a chance to perform before the famous newport audience . END
the jazz three displayed their sound UNK , not only in their own chosen set , but as the emergency UNK for al UNK & leon james , the superb jazz dancers who have now been newport performers for three successive years , gradually moving up from a morning seminar on the evolution of the blues to a spot on the evening program . END
julie wilson , a vigorous UNK without many wild twists , sang a set , a large part of which consisted of such seldom heard old UNK as `` UNK UNK , the UNK of savannah '' , and the delightful `` sunday '' . END
she UNK the cake with the always reliable `` bill UNK '' . END
from this taste of the 1920s , we leaped way out to UNK UNK private brand of progressive jazz , which did lovely , subtle things for `` UNK , UNK and beads '' , and a couple of UNK . END
UNK is a difficult musician to UNK . END
he plays his sax principally for beauty of tone , rather than for UNK flights of meaningless UNK , and he has a quiet way of getting back and UNK the melody after the UNK is over . END
in this he is sticking with tradition , however far removed from it he may seem to be . END
george shearing took over with his well disciplined group , a sextet consisting of UNK , guitar , bass , drums , UNK piano and a UNK UNK . END
he met with enthusiastic audience approval , especially when he swung from jazz to latin american things like the UNK . END
shearing , himself , seemed to me to be playing better piano than in his recent newport appearances . END
a very casual , pleasant program -- one of those UNK things that make UNK afternoon programs such a relaxing delight -- was held again under sunny skies , hot sun , and a fresh breeze for an audience of at least a couple of thousands who came to newport to hear music rather than go to the beach . END
divided almost equally into two parts , it consisted of `` the evolution of the blues '' , UNK by UNK UNK , who had presented it last year at the UNK , calif. , jazz festival , and an UNK session of UNK ferguson and his orchestra , a UNK big band . END
UNK story was designed for children and he had a small audience of small children right on stage with him . END
tracing the blues from its african roots among the slaves who were brought to this country and the west indies , he stressed the close relationship between the early jazz forms and the music of the negro churches . END
to help him on this religious aspect of primitive jazz he had `` big '' miller , as a UNK and UNK dean , UNK , while oscar brown jr. , an extremely talented young man , did a slave UNK call , a UNK work song , and a beautifully sung negro lullaby , `` brown baby '' , which was one of the truly moving moments of the festival . END
one of those delightful surprise additions , which so frequently occur in jazz programs , was an excellent stint at the drums by the great joe jones , drumming to `` old man river '' , which seems to have been elected the favorite solo for the boys on the UNK at this year's concerts . END
demonstrating the primitive african rhythmic backgrounds of the blues was michael UNK UNK , who plays such native drums as the UNK and even does a UNK job slapping his own chest . END
he has been on previous newport programs and was one of the sensations of last year's afternoon concerts . END
UNK had billy mitchell , tenor sax ; ; END
pony UNK , alto sax ; ; END
jimmy UNK , blues singer ( and a good one ) , and the UNK UNK trio , which has done such wonderful work for two afternoons now , helping him with the musical examples . END
it all went very well . END
UNK who are serious about their work are likely to know the interesting material contained in schubert's sonatas . END
music lovers who are not familiar with this literature may hear an excellent example , played for rca by UNK UNK . END
he has chosen sonata op. 53 in aj . END
the playing takes both sides of the disc . END
perhaps one of the reasons these sonatas are not UNK more often is their great length . END
rhythmic interest , melodic beauty and the UNK of the writing are all qualities which hold one's attention with the UNK playing . END
his technique is ample and his musical ideas are projected beautifully . END
the male chorus of the robert shaw UNK sings sea UNK in fine style . END
the group is superbly trained . END
what a discussion can UNK when the title of this type of song is in question . END
do you say UNK , as if the word were derived from the french word UNK , to sing , or do you say UNK and think of a roughly built cabin , which derives its name from the UNK use of the word UNK , with one of its meanings given as a UNK ? ? END
either way , the robert shaw chorus sings them in fine style with every colorful word and its musical frame spelled out in terms of agreeable listening . END
if your favorite song is not here it must be an unfamiliar one . END
the london label offers an operatic recital by UNK UNK , a baritone whose fame is international . END
murray louis and his dance company appeared at the henry street playhouse on friday and saturday evenings and sunday afternoons in the premiere of his latest work , `` signal '' , and the repetition of an earlier one , `` journal '' . END
`` signal '' is choreographed for three male dancers to an electronic score by UNK nikolais . END
its abstract decor is by john UNK . END
program note reads as follows : END
`` take hands ; ; END
this urgent UNK UNK us '' . END
here , as in `` journal '' , mr. louis has given himself the UNK share of the dancing , and there is no doubt that he is capable of UNK and UNK a wide variety of difficult and arresting physical movements . END
indeed , both `` journal '' and `` signal '' qualify as UNK UNK of UNK calisthenics . END
but chains of movements are not necessarily communicative , and it is in the realm of communication that the works prove disappointing . END
one frequently has the feeling that the order of their movement combinations could be transposed without notable loss of effect , there is too little suggestion of organic relationship and development . END
it may be , of course , that mr. louis is consciously trying to create works that anticipate an age of total automation . END
but it may be , also , that he is merely more mindful of athletics than of UNK at the present time . END
one thing is certain , however , and that is that he is far more UNK to the detailed accents , UNK and contours of the music he deals with than a confident dance creator need be . END
' an american journey ' END
a brisk , UNK UNK of contemporary american mores entitled `` an american journey '' was given its first new york performance at hunter college playhouse last night by the helen UNK nagrin dance company . END
choreographed by mr. nagrin , the work filled the second half of a program that also offered the first new york showing of miss UNK `` once upon a time '' as well as her `` women's song '' and mr. UNK `` indeterminate figure '' . END
eugene lester assembled a witty and explicit score for `` an american journey '' , and UNK mccormick gave it UNK imaginative costumes . END
mr. nagrin has described four `` places '' , each with its scenery and people , added two `` diversions '' , and concluded with `` a UNK for the young '' , a UNK UNK interpretation of UNK dancing . END
the `` places '' could be anywhere , the UNK and UNK observed there could be UNK , and the laugh is on us all . END
but we need not mind too much , because mr. nagrin has expressed it through movement that is UNK and clever almost all the way . END
miss UNK `` once upon a time '' is a problem piece about a man and a woman and the three `` figures '' that bother them somehow . END
unfortunately , the man and woman were not made to appear very interesting at the outset and the menacing figures failed to make them any more so . END
nor did the dancing involved really seize the attention at any time . END
the music here , russell smith's `` UNK '' , sounded good . END
all the performances of the evening were smooth and assured , and the sizable company , with mr. nagrin and UNK scott as its leading dancers , seemed to be fine shape . END
the symphony of the air , greatly assisted by van UNK , last night got its UNK beethoven cycle at carnegie hall off to a good start . END
at the same time the orchestra announced that next season it would be giving twenty-five programs at carnegie , and that it would be taking these concerts to the suburbs , repeating each of them in five different communities . END
this news , announced by jerome UNK , the UNK administrative director , brought applause from the UNK persons who filled the hall . END
they showed they were glad that carnegie would have a major orchestra playing there so often next season to take up the slack with the departure to lincoln center of the new york philharmonic , the philadelphia orchestra and the boston symphony . END
this season the orchestra has already taken a step toward the suburbs in that it is giving six subscription concerts for the orchestral society of westchester in the county center in white plains . END
the details of the suburban concerts next season , and the centers in which they will be given , will be announced later , mr. UNK said . END
the concertos that van UNK has been associated with in new york since his triumphant return from russia in 1958 have been the UNK , the UNK third , and the prokofieff third . END
it was pleasant last night , therefore , to hear him do something else : a concerto he has recently recorded , `` the emperor '' . END
the young texas pianist can make great chords ring out as well as anyone , so last night the massive UNK of this challenging concerto were no hazard to him . END
but they were not what distinguished his performance . END
the elements that did were the UNK slow movement , the beautiful transition to the third movement , and the passages of UNK that UNK through the bigger moments of the opening movement and the final UNK . END
mr. UNK gave the slow movement some of the quality of a UNK UNK . END
alfred UNK , the conductor , sensitive UNK that he is , picked up the idea and led the orchestra here with a sense of brooding , poetic mystery . END
the collaboration was remarkable , as it was in both the other movements , too . END
mr. UNK , who will lead all of the concerts in the cycle , also conducted the `` UNK '' overture no. 3 and the fourth symphony . END
the orchestra was obviously on its UNK and it played most UNK . END
and although there was plenty of vigor in the performance , the ensemble was at its best when the playing was soft and lyrical , yet full of the suppressed tension that is one of the UNK of beethoven . END
UNK UNK will be the next soloist on feb. 4 . END
there are times when one suspects that the songs that are dropped from musical shows before they reach broadway may really be better than many of those that are left in . END
today , in the era of the integrated musical when an individual song must contribute to the over-all development of the show , it is understandable that a song , no matter how excellent it may be on its own terms , is cut out because it does not perform the function required of it . END
in the more casually constructed UNK of the nineteen twenties and nineteen thirties there would seem to have been less reason for eliminating a song of merit . END
yet there is the classic case of the UNK `` the man i love '' . END
deemed too static when it was first heard in `` lady be good '' in philadelphia in 1924 , it was dropped from the score . END
it was heard again in philadelphia in 1927 in the first version of `` strike up the band '' and again abandoned shortly before the entire show was given up . END
it finally reached broadway in the second and successful version of `` strike up the band '' in 1929 . END
( still another song in `` strike up the band '' -- `` i've got a crush on you '' -- was retrieved from a 1928 failure , `` treasure girl '' . END
like the UNK , richard rodgers and UNK hart were UNK to let a good song get away from them . END
if one of mr. UNK melodies seemed to deserve a better fate than UNK in boston or the obscurity of a broadway failure , mr. hart was likely to deck it out with new lyrics to give it a second chance in another show . END
several of these double entries have been collected by ben UNK and michael UNK , along with rodgers and hart songs that disappeared permanently en route to new york and others that reached broadway but have not become part of the constantly heard rodgers and hart repertory , in a delightfully refreshing album , rodgers and hart UNK ( spruce records , UNK fifth avenue , new york ) . END
among the particular UNK in this collection is the UNK opening song of `` the UNK gaieties '' , an impressive forecast of the wit and melody that were to come from rodgers and hart in the years that followed ; ; END
UNK UNK raucous listing of the attractions `` at the UNK music hall '' from `` i married an angel '' ; ; END
and the incisive style with which charlotte UNK delivers the UNK hart lyrics of `` i UNK '' , a song that was cut from `` a connecticut yankee '' . END
altogether fifteen virtually unknown rodgers and hart songs are sung by a UNK of able UNK . END
norman paris has provided them with extremely effective orchestral accompaniment END
turning to the current musical season on broadway , the most widely acclaimed of the new UNK , how to succeed in business without really trying , has been transferred to an original cast album ( r. c. a. victor UNK UNK ; ; END
stereo UNK UNK ) that has some entertaining moments , although it is scarcely as UNK as the praise elicited by the show might lead one to expect . END
robert morse , singing with UNK UNK UNK , carries most of the burden and is responsible for the high spots in frank UNK score . END
rudy UNK , who shares star billing with mr. morse , makes only two appearances . END
he shares with mr. morse a parody of the college UNK he once sang while his second song is UNK away from him by virginia martin , a girl with a remarkably expressive UNK in her voice . END
in general , mr. UNK has done a more consistent job as UNK than he has as composer . END
like mr. UNK , jerry herman is both composer and UNK for milk and honey ( r. c. a. victor UNK UNK ; ; END
stereo UNK UNK ) , but in this case it is the music that stands above the lyrics . END
for this story of an american couple who meet and fall in love in israel , mr. herman has written songs that are warmly melodious and dance music that UNK . END
there are the UNK , UNK voices of robert UNK , UNK UNK and tommy rall to make the most of mr. UNK UNK melodies and , for an occasional change of pace , the bright humor of molly UNK . END
mr. herman has managed to mix musical ideas drawn from israel and the standard american ballad style in a manner that stresses the basic UNK of both UNK . END
not content to create only the music and lyrics , noel coward also wrote the book and directed sail away ( capitol UNK UNK ; ; END
stereo UNK UNK ) , a saga of life on a UNK ship that is not apt to be included among mr. UNK more memorable works . END
the melodies flow along pleasantly , as mr. UNK songs usually do , but his lyrics have a tired , UNK quality . END
elaine UNK , who sings with a UNK warm UNK , belts some life into most of her songs , but the other members of the cast sound as lukewarm as mr. UNK songs . END
with three fine russian films in recent months on world war 2 , -- `` the house i live in '' , `` the UNK are flying '' and `` ballad of a soldier '' -- we had every right to expect a real soviet UNK in `` the day the war ended '' . END
it simply isn't , not by a long shot . END
the UNK presentation , with english titles , opened on saturday at the UNK theatre . END
make no mistake , this UNK studio drama is a respectable import -- aptly grave , carefully written , performed and directed . END
in describing the initial allied occupation of a UNK german city , the picture has color , pictorial pull and genuinely moving moments . END
told strictly from the viewpoint of the russian UNK , the film UNK peers over the shoulders of a UNK soviet couple , at both sides of the UNK aftermath . END
unfortunately , the whole picture hinges on this romance , at the expense of everything else . END
tenderly and rather UNK , the camera UNK on the abrupt , deep love of a pretty nurse and a uniformed teacher , complicated by nothing more than a friend they don't want to hurt . END
it's the old story , war or no war , and more than one viewer may recall hollywood's `` UNK '' , several seasons back , when the paramount concern was for the marital UNK of a society UNK . END
not that the picture is superficial . END
under UNK UNK direction , it begins UNK , as UNK soviet and nazi troops silently scan each other , waiting for the first surrender gesture . END
one UNK camera shot is magnificent , as the germans UNK from a cathedral , UNK a huge , UNK square , and drop their weapons . END
ring of bright water , by gavin maxwell . END
only once in a very long while comes a book that gives the reader a magic sense of sharing a rare experience . END
`` ring of bright water '' by gavin maxwell is just that -- a haunting , warmly personal chronicle of a man , an otter , and a remote cottage in the scottish west highlands . END
`` he has married me with a ring of bright water '' , begins the UNK UNK poem from which maxwell takes his title , and it is this UNK bond between the human and natural world that the author conveys . END
the place is camusfearna , the site of a UNK UNK opposite the isle of UNK . END
it is a land of long UNK , few people , a UNK road miles away -- and of wild UNK , UNK UNK , wild UNK , dolphins and UNK playing in the waters . END
how maxwell UNK his first coming to camusfearna , his furnishing the empty house with UNK , the subtle changes in season over ten years , is a moving experience . END
just the UNK of time and place , of passionate encounter between man and a natural world which today seems almost lost , would be enough . END
there is UNK , an otter who travelled with maxwell -- and gave UNK name to a new species -- from the UNK marshes to his london flat . END
it may sound extravagant to say that there has never been a more engaging animal in all literature . END
this is not only a UNK to UNK , of whom there are a fine series of photographs and drawings in the book , but to the author who has catalogued the saga of a frightened otter UNK journey by plane from UNK to london , then by train ( where he lay curled in the wash basin playing with the water tap ) to camusfearna , with affectionate detail . END
UNK , as his owner was soon to learn , had strange , inexplicable habits . END
he liked to UNK ear lobes of UNK visitors with his UNK teeth . END
he preferred sleeping in bed with his head on a pillow . END
systematically he would open and UNK drawers . END
given a small ball or UNK , he would invent games and play by himself for hours . END
with curiosity and UNK , he explored every inch of glen , beach and burn , once UNK himself for hours on a ledge high up a sheer UNK cliff and waiting with calm faith to be rescued by maxwell , who nearly lost his life in doing so . END
a year and a day of this UNK is described for the reader , one in which not only discovery of a new world of personality is charted , but UNK as well . END
in the UNK of camusfearna there had been no loneliness . END
`` to be quite alone where there are no other human beings is sharply UNK ; ; END
it is as though some pressure had suddenly been lifted , allowing an intense awareness a UNK of the senses '' . END
now , with the increasing interdependence between himself and UNK came a knowledge of an obscure need , that of being trusted UNK by some creature . END
two other people in time shared UNK love : `` it remained around us three that his UNK revolved when he was not away in his own UNK world of wave and water ; ; END
we were his trinity , and he behaved towards us with a mixture of trust and abuse , passion and irritation . END
in turn each of us in our own way depended , as gods do , upon his worship '' . END
yet the UNK ended . END
the brief details of UNK death lend depth to the story , give it an edge of ironic tragedy . END
man , to whom UNK gave endless affection and UNK , was responsible in the form of a road worker with a UNK who somehow becomes an abstract symbol of the savage in man . END
but then , through a strange coincidence , maxwell manages to acquire UNK , a female otter , and the fascinating story starts once more . END
one is not sure who emerges as the main personality of this book -- UNK , with his UNK ways , or maxwell himself , poet , portrait painter , writer , journalist , UNK and UNK , sensitive but never sentimental recorder of an unusual way of life , in a language at once lyrical and forceful , vivid and UNK . END
this UNK read the book when it was first brought out in england with a sense of discovery and excitement . END
now gavin UNK ring of bright water has widened to UNK the world . END
-- the performances of the comedie UNK are the most important recent events in the new york theater . END
they serve to contradict a popular notion that the comedie merely repeats , as accurately as possible , the techniques of acting the classics that prevailed in the 17th century . END
on the contrary , the old plays are continually being UNK , and each new production of a classic has only a brief history at the comedie . END
of course , the UNK revivals last longer than the others , and that further reminds us that the comedie is not UNK to criticism . END
the directors of the comedie do not respond to adverse notices in as docile and UNK a manner as the broadway producers who , in two instances this season , closed their plays after one performance . END
but they are aware of the world outside , they court public approval , they delight in full houses , and they occasionally dare to experiment in UNK a dramatic classic . END
in france , novel approaches to the classic french plays are frequently attempted . END
the government pays a UNK for revival of the classics , and this policy UNK experimenters who sometimes put moliere's characters in modern dress and often achieve interesting results . END
so far as i know , the comedie has never put moliere's people in the costumes of the 20th century , but they do UNK plays and characters . END
last season , the UNK two principal experiments came to grief , and , in consequence , we can expect fairly soon to see still newer productions of UNK `` phedre '' and moliere's `` school for wives '' . END
the new `` phedre '' was done in 17th century setting , instead of ancient greek ; ; END
perhaps that is the UNK equivalent for thrusting this UNK characters into our own time . END
the speaking of the lines seemed UNK slow and stately , possibly in an effort to capture the spirit of 17th century elegance . END
a few literary men defended what they took to be an emphasis on the poetry at the expense of the drama , but the response was mainly hostile and quite violent . END
the new `` school for wives '' was interpreted according to a principle that is becoming increasingly common in the playing of classic comedy -- the idea of turning some obviously UNK figure into a tragic character . END
among the UNK specialists of some years ago , louis jouvet tried to UNK some of the UNK , while UNK ledoux , often performing at the comedie , made them more gross than UNK may have intended . END
apparently , jouvet and ledoux attempted just these UNK approaches in the role of arnolphe in `` the school for wives '' . END
i say `` apparently '' although i saw jouvet as arnolphe when he visited this country shortly before his death ; ; END
by that time , he seemed to have dropped the tragic playing of the last moments of the comedy . END
arnolphe , it will be recalled , is a man of mature years who tries to preserve the innocence of his youthful UNK . END
the part can lend itself to serious treatment ; ; END
one influential french critic remarked : `` pity for arnolphe comes with age '' . END
accordingly , at the comedie last year , jean meyer played a sympathetic arnolphe and drew criticism for turning the comedy into a tragedy . END
but the stuff of tragedy was not truly present and the play became only comedy acted rather slowly . END
wisely , the comedie has brought moliere's `` tartuffe '' on its tour and has left `` the school for wives '' at home . END
tartuffe is the religious UNK who courts his UNK wife . END
jouvet played him as a sincere UNK , and ledoux , at the comedie , made him a gross UNK , or so the historians tell us . END
louis seigner , who formerly played the UNK benefactor opposite ledoux , is the tartuffe of the present production , which he himself directed . END
his tartuffe observes the golden mean . END
his red face , his coarse gestures , and his UNK UNK UNK his sensuality . END
but his UNK glances and his pious speeches are not merely UNK ; ; END
of course , they do not reflect sincerity , but they exhibit a concern to make a good job out of his pious UNK . END
occasionally , seigner draws some justly deserved laughs by his quick shifts from one personality to another . END
the whole role , by the way , is a considerable transformation for anyone who has seen seigner in his other parts . END
his normal specialty is playing the good-natured old man , frequently stupid or UNK but never mean or sly . END
here , he is , quite UNK , the very embodiment of UNK and UNK . END
seigner is the dean of the company , the oldest actor in point of continuous service . END
in that function , he helps to rebut another legend about the comedie . END
we are often told that the comedie has , unfortunately , UNK with old actors who are both mediocre and lazy , drawing their pay without much acting but probably doing real service to the comedie by staying off the stage . END
seigner , however , is a fine actor and probably the UNK man in the company ; ; END
among his other parts are the leads in `` the UNK gentleman '' and `` the imaginary invalid '' . END
in moliere's UNK , `` the tricks of scapin '' , robert UNK UNK another of the great roles . END
here some innovation is attempted . END
to begin with , scapin is a UNK in the old tradition of the clever servant who plots the strategy of UNK for his master . END
UNK scapin is healthy , cheerful , energetic , UNK in his physical UNK and his obvious superiority to the young gentlemen whom he serves . END
UNK says that he has given the role certain qualities he has observed in the city UNK of the real world . END
and surely his scapin has a fresh directness , a UNK quality that seems to make him his own master and nobody's servant . END
django UNK , the UNK gypsy , was a true artist , one who demonstrated conclusively the power of art to renew itself and flow into many channels . END
there is hardly a jazz UNK in the business today who doesn't owe something to django . END
and django owed much to louis armstrong . END
he told once of how he switched his style of playing to jazz after listening to two old armstrong records he bought in the UNK market in paris . END
it was the first jazz he had heard . END
django , who was born jean UNK UNK in UNK and who died in 1953 in france , was an extraordinary man . END
most of the fingers on his left hand were burned off when he fell asleep with a cigarette . END
and this was before he began to play his startlingly beautiful jazz . END
you can catch up with him -- if you haven't already -- on UNK album . END
`` UNK '' , made up of tracks he recorded with UNK UNK and the UNK of the hot club of france . END
this is a choice item and UNK deserves mention too , of course . END
he is one of the few men in history who plays jazz on a violin . END
they play : `` minor swing '' , `` UNK rose '' , `` beyond the sea '' , `` UNK '' , `` heavy artillery '' , `` UNK '' , `` after you've gone '' , `` where are you , my love '' ? ? END
`` i saw stars '' , `` lover man '' , `` UNK '' and `` swing 42 '' . END
all this is great proceedings -- get the minutes . END
kid UNK , the UNK chicken farmer , is also one of the solid anchor points of jazz . END
he dates back to the days before the first sailing ship pulled into new orleans . END
his horn has blown loud and clear across the land for more years than he cares to remember . END
good time jazz has released a nice UNK album which he made . END
he is UNK against alvin UNK , trumpet ; ; END
phil UNK , UNK ; ; END
UNK UNK , piano ; ; END
julian UNK , guitar ; ; END
UNK UNK , bass , and minor hall , drums . END
the set contains `` high society '' , `` do what UNK say '' , `` down home rag '' , `` careless love '' , jazz me blues '' , `` weary blues '' , `` original UNK UNK '' , `` bourbon street parade '' , `` panama '' , `` UNK , UNK , UNK '' , `` oh didn't he UNK '' , `` UNK street blues '' , `` maryland , my maryland '' , `` 1919 rag '' , `` eh , la UNK '' , `` mood UNK '' , and `` UNK call rag '' . END
all this will serve to show off the UNK style in fine fashion and is a must for those who want to collect elements of the old-time jazz before it is too late to lay hands on the UNK . END
UNK elman shared last night's lewisohn stadium concert with three american composers . END
his portion of the program -- and a big portion it was -- consisted of half the major nineteenth-century concertos for the violin : to wit , the UNK and the UNK . END
that is an evening of UNK that would UNK many a younger man ; ; END
mr. elman is 70 years old . END
there were 8,000 persons at the stadium who can tell their grandchildren that they heard elman . END
but , with all due respects and allowances , it must truthfully be said that what they heard was more UNK than sweet , more UNK than musical . END
the occasion was sentimental ; ; END
so was the playing . END
the american part of the evening consisted of paul UNK dance overture , william UNK `` chester '' from `` new england UNK '' and two works of UNK UNK , dance rhythms , op. 58 , and a UNK for strings , op. UNK . END
the UNK is purely a UNK , with spanish , english , french and american dances mixed into the stew . END
the UNK , with its latin hesitation bounce , is just this side of the pale ; ; END
like his sweet , attractive UNK , it belongs to what the composer called his `` UNK ( mostly ) '' category of works . END
the UNK `` chester '' takes off from an old william UNK tune with rousing UNK and brass effect . END
all these -- UNK or no -- provided a welcome breath of fresh air in the form of lively , colorful , UNK works well suited for the great out-of-doors . END
it was nice to have something a little UNK for a change . END
we have UNK UNK to thank for this healthy change of diet as well as the lively performances of the stadium symphony . END
a woman who UNK artificial UNK against the wishes of her husband is the unlikely heroine of `` a question of UNK '' , yesterday's new british import at the apollo . END
since an objective viewer might well conclude that this is not a situation that would often arise , the UNK extensive discussion of the problem seems , at best , UNK . END
in its present UNK , UNK form , the subject matter seems designed to invite UNK wrath . END
with julie london enacting the central role with UNK sincerity , the UNK heroine is at least attractive . END
the explanation offered for her conduct is a UNK attempt to save her marriage to a neurotic husband left sterile as a result of an automobile accident . END
anthony steel , as the husband , is a jealous type who argues against her course and UNK for divorce , labeling her action UNK . END
the actor plays his role UNK under the UNK direction of don UNK , as do UNK sydney as his UNK father and UNK UNK as an innocent UNK . END
after a UNK , hysterical trial scene more notable for the frankness of its language than for dramatic UNK , the jury , to no one's surprise , leaves the legal question UNK . END
when the husband drops the case and returns to his wife , both seem sorry they brought the matter up in the first place . END
so was the audience . END
-- for its final change of bill in its london season , the UNK state kirov ballet chose tonight to give one of those UNK UNK known as a `` gala program '' at the royal opera house , UNK garden . END
no doubt the underlying idea was to show that for all the elegance and UNK that have distinguished its presentations thus far , it too could give a circus if it pleased . END
and please it did , in every sense of the word , for it had the audience shouting much of the time in a manner far from typical of london audiences . END
at the end of the program , indeed , there was a demonstration that lasted for forty-five minutes , and nothing could stop it . END
UNK UNK repeated a fantastic technical bit from the closing number , `` UNK UNK '' , but even then there was a substantial number of UNK who seemed determined not to go home at all . END
only a plea from the house manager , john collins , finally broke up the party . END
but for all the manifest intention to `` show off '' , this was a circus with a difference , for instead of descending in quality to what is known as a popular level , it added further to the evidence that this is a very great dancing company . END
the `` UNK UNK '' excerpt is a rousing version of UNK UNK UNK choreographed by UNK UNK to music of UNK . END
it is danced by some thirty-five men and no women , and it contains everything in the books -- UNK comedy , gregarious UNK , and tricks that only UNK or russians would attempt to make the human body perform . END
yuri UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , yuri UNK and mr. UNK were the chief soloists , but everybody on stage was magnificent . END
at the other extreme in character was the half-hour excerpt from the UNK ballet `` UNK '' , which opened the evening . END
what a man this UNK was ! ! END
and why do we in the west know so few of his ballets ? ? END
this scene is a `` white ballet '' in which a UNK hero UNK for his departed UNK spirit among twenty-eight UNK beautiful `` shadows '' who can all dance like nothing human -- which , of course , is altogether fitting . END
the ensemble enters in a long UNK passage that is of fantastic difficulty , as well as loveliness , and UNK is the general medium of the piece . END
its UNK , olga UNK , performs simple miracles of beauty , and UNK UNK , UNK UNK and UNK UNK make up a UNK of UNK accomplishments . END
UNK UNK , as the lone male , meets the competition well with some brilliant hits , but the work is designed to belong to the ladies . END
the middle section of the program was made up of short numbers , naturally enough of UNK merit , but all of them pretty good at that . END
they consisted of a new arrangement of `` UNK '' excerpts danced UNK by UNK UNK and mr. UNK , with a large ensemble ; ; END
a winning little `` snow UNK '' variation by the UNK UNK UNK ; ; END
two of those poetic UNK in greek UNK ( and superb UNK UNK ) by UNK UNK and UNK UNK in one case and UNK UNK and yuri UNK in the other ; ; END
an amusing character pas de UNK called `` UNK women '' ; ; END
a stirring `` flames of paris '' pas de deux by UNK UNK and UNK UNK , and a lovely version of UNK `` le UNK '' by olga UNK , which had to be repeated . END
UNK UNK was the conductor . END
it was quite an evening ! ! END
a year ago today , when the democrats were UNK and UNK in los angeles and john f. kennedy was still only an able and ambitious senator who UNK for the power and responsibility of the presidency , theodore h. white had already compiled masses of notes about the presidential campaign of 1960 . END
as the pace of the UNK american political festival accelerated , mr. white took more notes . END
he traveled alternately with mr. kennedy and with richard m. nixon . END
he asked intimate questions and got frank answers from the members of what he calls the UNK `` UNK '' . END
he assembled quantities of facts about the nature of american politics in general , as well as about the UNK course of the closest presidential election in american history . END
those of us who read the papers may think we know a good deal about that election ; ; END
how little we know of what there is to be known is made UNK clear by mr. white in `` the making of the president 1960 '' . END
this is a remarkable book and an astonishingly interesting one . END
what might have been only UNK topical journalism turns out to be an UNK contribution to history . END
mr. white , who is only a competent novelist , is a brilliant reporter . END
his zest for specific detail , his sensitivity to emotional atmosphere , his tireless industry and his UNK turned prose all contribute to the effectiveness of his book . END
as a dramatic narrative `` the making of the president 1960 '' is continuously engrossing . END
and as an introduction to american politics it is highly educational . END
the author begins this volume with a close-up of mr. kennedy , his family and his entourage waiting for the returns . END
he then switches back to a consideration of the seven principal presidential UNK : five democrats -- senator UNK h. humphrey , senator stuart UNK , senator UNK b. johnson , adlai e. stevenson and mr. kennedy -- and two republicans -- governor rockefeller and mr. nixon . END
then , in chronological order , mr. white covers the primary campaigns , the conventions and the presidential campaign itself . END
in the process he writes at length about many related matters : the importance of race , religion , local tradition , bosses , organizations , zealous volunteers and television . END
mr. white is bluntly frank in his personal opinions . END
he frequently cites intimate details that seem to come straight from the horse's mouth , from numerous UNK and from mr. kennedy himself ; ; END
but never from mr. nixon , who looked on reporters with suspicion and distrust . END
`` rarely in american history has there been a political campaign that discussed issues less or clarified them less '' , says mr. white . END
mr. nixon , he believes , has no particular political philosophy and UNK his own campaign . END
although a skillful politician and a courageous and honest man , mr. nixon , mr. white believes , ignored his own UNK planners , wasted time and effort in the wrong regions , missed opportunities through indecision and damaged his chances on television . END
mr. nixon is `` a UNK , moody man , given to long stretches of UNK ; ; END
he trusts only himself and his wife . END
he is a man of major talent -- but a man of solitary , uncertain impulses . END
he was above all a friend UNK , almost pathetic in his UNK to be liked . END
he wanted to identify with people and have a connection with them ; ; END
the least inspiring candidate since alfred m. UNK '' . END
mr. kennedy , mr. white believes , `` had mastered politics on so many different levels that no other american could match him '' . END
calm , dignified , composed , `` superbly eloquent '' , mr. kennedy always knew everything about everybody . END
he enlisted a staff of loyal experts and of many zealous volunteers . END
every decision was made quickly on sound grounds . END
efficiency was enforced and nothing was left to chance . END
mr. kennedy did not neglect to UNK the personal friendship of reporters . END
mr. white UNK him profoundly and leaves no doubt that he is a democrat himself who expects mr. kennedy to be a fine president . END
throughout `` the making of a president '' mr. white shows wonderfully well how the pressures pile up on candidates , how decisions have constantly to be made , how fatigue and illness and nervous strain wear candidates down , how subordinates play key roles . END
and he makes many interesting comments . END
`` the root question in american politics is always : who's the man to see ? ? END
to understand american politics is , simply , to know people , to know the relative weight of names -- who are heroes , who are straw men , who controls , who does not . END
but to operate in american politics one must go a step further -- one must build a bridge to such names , establish a warmth , a personal connection '' . END
`` in the hard life of politics it is well known that no platform nor any program advanced by either major american party has any purpose beyond expressing emotion '' . END
`` all platforms are meaningless : the program of either party is what lies in the vision and conscience of the candidate the party chooses to lead it '' . END
nostalgia week at lewisohn stadium , which had begun with the appearance of the UNK UNK elman on tuesday night , continued last night as UNK pons led the list of UNK in an evening of french operatic excerpts . END
miss pons is certainly not 70 -- no singer ever is -- and yet the rewards of the evening again lay more in paying tribute to a great figure of times gone by than in present accomplishments . END
the better part of UNK might be , perhaps , to honor her perennial good looks and her gorgeous UNK gown , and to UNK the orchestra for not playing in the same keys in which she had chosen to sing . END
no orchestra , however , could be expected to follow a singer through quite as many adventures with pitch as miss pons encountered last night . END
in all fairness , there were flashes of the great UNK of UNK , flashes even of the old UNK UNK . END
one such moment came in the UNK way miss pons sang the UNK to UNK `` shadow song '' . END
the years suddenly fell away at this point . END
on the whole , however , one must wonder at just what it is that forces a beloved artist to UNK her own reputation as time marches UNK on . END
sharing the program was the young UNK tenor richard UNK , making his stadium debut on this occasion . END
mr. UNK began UNK , with a voice that tended toward an unpleasant UNK when pushed beyond middle volume . END
later on this problem vanished , and the `` flower song '' from UNK `` UNK '' was beautifully and UNK projected . END
radio is easily UNK television in its strides to reach the minority listener . END
lower costs and a larger number of stations are the key factors making such specialization possible . END
the UNK of UNK outlets , offering concerts ( both jazz and classical ) , lectures , and other special events , is a phenomenon which has had a fair amount of publicity . END
not so well known is the growth of broadcasting operations aimed wholly or partly at negro listeners -- an audience which , in the united states , UNK some UNK people with UNK to spend each year . END
of course , the UNK listener does his share of television watching . END
he even buys a lot of the products he sees advertised -- despite the fact that the copy makes no special bid for his favor and sponsors rarely use any but white models in commercials . END
but the growing number of negro-appeal radio stations , plus evidence of strong listener support of their advertisers , give time salesmen an impressive argument as they approach new prospects . END
it is estimated that more than 600 stations ( of a total of UNK ) do a significant amount of programing for the negro . END
at least 60 stations devote all of their time to reaching this audience in about half of the 50 states . END
these and other figures and comments have been reported in a special supplement of sponsor magazine , a trade publication for radio and tv advertisers . END
for 10 years sponsor has issued an annual survey of the size and characteristics of the negro market and of successful techniques for reaching this market through radio . END
in the past 10 years , sponsor observes , these trends have become apparent : END
negro population in the u.s. has increased 25 per cent while the white population was growing by 18 per cent . END
`` the forgotten 15 million '' -- as sponsor tagged the negro market in its first survey -- has become a UNK 19 million . END
advertisers are changing their attitudes , both as to the significance of this market and the ways of speaking to it . END
stations programing to negro listeners are having to UNK their shows in order to keep pace with rising educational , economic , and cultural levels . END
UNK , the station which wants real prestige must lead or participate in community improvement projects , not simply serve on the air . END
in the last decade the number of negro-appeal radio program hours has risen at least 15 per cent , and the number of negro-appeal stations has increased 30 per cent , according to a research man quoted by sponsor . END
a year ago the negro radio association was formed to spur research which the UNK member stations are sure will bring in more business . END
the 1960 census UNK the explosive character of the population growth . END
it also brought home proof of something a casual observer might have missed : that more than half of the u.s. negroes live outside the southeastern states . END
also , the state with the largest number of negroes is new york -- not in the south at all . END
in new york city , UNK UNK `` more community service programs than any other negro station '' and `` one of the largest negro news staffs in america '' . END
and UNK colorful mobile unit , cruising UNK negro neighborhoods , is a frequent reminder of that station's UNK dedication to UNK interests . END
recently , UNK won praise for its expose of particular cases of employment agency UNK . END
a UNK other stations in the new york area also bid for attention of the city's negro population , up about 50 per cent in the past decade . END
in all big cities outside the south , and even in small towns within the south , radio stations can be found beaming some or all of their programs at negro listeners . END
the UNK broadcasting UNK negro network includes 360 affiliated stations , whose signals reach more than half the total u.s. negro population . END
one question which inevitably crops up is whether such stations have a future in a nation where the negro is moving into a fully integrated status . END
whatever the long-range impact of integration , the owners of negro-appeal radio stations these days know they have an audience and that it is loyal . END
advertisers have discovered the tendency of negroes to shop for brand names they have heard on stations UNK to their special interests . END
and many advertisers have been happy with the results of letting a negro disc jockey phrase the commercial in his own words , working only from a fact sheet . END
what sets negro-appeal programing apart from other radio shows ? ? END
sponsor magazine notes the stress on popular negro bands and singers ; ; END
UNK mood music ; ; END
`` race '' music , folk songs and melodies , and gospel programs . END
furthermore , news and special presentations inform the listener about groups , projects , and personalities rarely mentioned on a UNK station . END
advertising copy frequently takes into account matters of special negro concern . END
sponsor quotes john UNK of the UNK station group as saying that the southern negro is becoming conscious of quality and `` does not wish to be associated with radio which is any way UNK to his race ; ; END
he tends to shy away from the UNK and UNK personalities that originally made negro radio programs famous '' . END
the sociological impact is perhaps most UNK summed up in this quotation of j. walter carroll of UNK , san francisco : END
`` negro-appeal radio is more important to the negro today , because it provides a direct and powerful mirror in which the negro can hear and see his ambitions , achievements and desires . END
it will continue to be important as a means of orientation to the negro , seeking to become urbanized , as he tries to make adjustment to the urban life . END
negro radio is vitally necessary during the process of assimilation '' . END
presentation of `` the life and times of john sloan '' in the delaware art center here suggests a current nostalgia for human values in art . END
staged by way of announcing the gift of a large and intimate sloan collection by the artist's widow , helen UNK sloan , to the wilmington society of the fine arts , the exhibition presents a survey of sloan's work . END
from early family portraits , painted before he entered the schools of the pennsylvania academy of the fine arts , the chronology extends to a group of paintings executed in his last year ( 1951 ) and still part of his estate . END
few artists have left a life work so eloquent of the period in which they lived . END
few who have painted the scenes around them have done so with so little bitterness . END
the paintings , drawings , prints , and illustrations all reflect the manners , costumes , and mores of america in the first half of the present century . END
obviously sloan's early years were influenced by his close friend robert henri . END
as early as 1928 , however , the sloan style began to change . END
the dark UNK of the early work were superseded by a brighter palette . END
the solidity of brush stroke yielded to a hatching technique that finally led to virtual abandonment of american UNK in favor of single figure studies and studio UNK . END
the exhibition presents all phases of sloan's UNK art . END
in addition to the paintings are drawings , prints , and illustrations . END
sloan created such works for newspaper supplements before UNK threw him out of a job and sent him to roam the streets of new york , thereby building for america an incomparable city survey from paintings of UNK saloon to UNK UNK on city roofs . END
one of the most appealing of the UNK canvases is `` sun and wind on the roof '' , with a woman and child UNK themselves against flapping clothes and flying birds . END
although there are landscapes in the show ( one of the strongest is a UNK of `` gloucester harbor '' in 1915 ) , the human element was the compelling factor in sloan's art . END
significant are such canvases as `` UNK street , saturday night '' , with its typically american crowd ( sloan never went abroad ) ; ; END
the UNK `` traveling carnival '' , in which action is UNK by lighting ; ; END
or `` UNK theater , 1912 '' , the only canvas with an ash can ( and UNK dog ) , although sloan was a member of the famous `` eight '' , and of the so-called `` UNK school '' , a term he resented . END
not all the paintings , however , are of cities . END
the exhibition touches briefly on his sojourn in the southwest ( `` UNK in the dust '' , a vigorous indian dance , and landscapes suggest the influence of western color on his palette ) . END
the fact that sloan was an UNK , concerned primarily with what he saw , adds greatly to the value of his art as a human chronicle . END
there are UNK items in the wilmington show , including one painting by each member of the `` eight '' , as well as work by sloan's friends and students . END
UNK the actual art are UNK -- correspondence , UNK , books from the artist's library , etc. . END
all belong to the collection being given to wilmington over a period of years by mrs. sloan , who has cherished such UNK items ever since she first studied with sloan at the art students league , new york , in the 1920's . END
to enable students and the public to spot sloan UNK , the delaware art center ( according to its director , bruce st. john ) will maintain a complete file of photographs of all sloan works , as well as a card index file . END
the entire sloan collection will be made available at the center to all serious art students and historians . END
the current exhibition , which remains on view through oct. 29 , has tapped 14 major collections and many private sources . END
any musician playing beethoven here , where beethoven was born , is likely to examine his own interpretations with special care . END
in a sense , he is offering bonn what its famous son ( who left as a youth ) never did -- the sound of the UNK mature style . END
robert UNK , who gave the only piano recital of the recently concluded UNK beethoven festival , penetrated deep into the spirit of the style . END
his readings were careful without being UNK , and they were authoritative without being presumptuous . END
the 32 c minor variations with which he opened moved UNK yet logically from one to another , leaving the right impression of abundance under discipline . END
the d minor sonata , op. 31 no. 2 , introduced by UNK shaped UNK , was most engaging in its moments of UNK -- single lines in which the fingers seemed to be feeling their way toward the idea to come . END
these UNK dramatic moments showed the kind of `` opera style '' of which beethoven was genuinely capable , but which did not take so kindly to the mechanics of UNK . END
two late sonatas , op. 110 and 111 , were played with similar insight , the UNK UNK of the op. 111 UNK made plain without ever becoming obvious . END
the two were separated from each other by the six UNK of op. UNK . END
herr UNK , in everything he gave his large beethoven hall audience , proved himself as an interpreter of UNK authority . END
UNK UNK , who conducted UNK UNK UNK on the following evening , made one more conscious of the process of interpretation . END
herr UNK has only recently become the city's music director , and is a young man with a clear flair for the UNK . END
but he weighted the eighth symphony , at times , with a UNK UNK which seemed considerably at odds with the music . END
he might have been hoping , to all appearances , that this relatively sunny symphony , in conjunction with the UNK fantasy at the end of the program , could amount to something like the ninth ; ; END
but no amount of UNK could make it so . END
the UNK preoccupation with the business of starting and stopping caused occasional UNK , as with the first orchestra entrance in the fourth piano concerto , but when he put his deliberations and UNK aside and let the music move as designed , it did so with plenty of spring . END
the UNK soloist , hans UNK , played with UNK ease and economy , though without the UNK plasticity to which we had been treated on the previous evening by herr UNK . END
his was a UNK beethoven , solid and sensible . END
everybody returned after UNK for the miscellaneous UNK of the fantasy for piano , chorus , and orchestra in c minor , made up by its composer to fill out one of his programs . END
the entrance of the UNK UNK ( UNK civic chorus ) was worth all the waiting , however , as the young UNK voices finally brought the music to life . END
the last program of this festival , which during two weeks had sampled most UNK categories , brought the cologne UNK and UNK to UNK UNK hall for a performance of the UNK UNK . END
a tribe in ancient india believed the earth was a huge tea tray resting on the backs of three giant elephants , which in turn stood on the shell of a great UNK . END
this theory eventually proved UNK . END
but the primitive method of explaining the unknown with what is known bears at least a symbolic resemblance to the methods of modern science . END
it is the business of UNK , the scientists who study the nature and structure of the universe , to try to solve the great cosmic mysteries by using keys that have clicked open other doors . END
these keys are the working principles of physics , mathematics and astronomy , principles which are then extrapolated , or projected , to explain phenomena of which we have little or no direct knowledge . END
in the autumn of 1959 , the british broadcasting corporation presented a series of talks by four scientists competent in UNK . END
three of these men discussed major theories of the universe while the other acted as a moderator . END
the participants were professor h. UNK , professor of mathematics at king's college , london ; ; END
dr. w. b. bonnor , reader in mathematics at queen elizabeth college , london ; ; END
dr. r. a. lyttleton , a lecturer at st. john's college , cambridge , and a reader in theoretical astronomy at the university of cambridge ; ; END
and dr. g. j. UNK , reader in applied mathematics at the imperial college of science and technology , london . END
dr. UNK UNK as moderator . END
the programs were so well received by the british public that the arguments have been published in a totally engrossing little book called , `` rival theories of UNK '' . END
dr. bonnor begins with a discussion of the UNK theories of the universe , based on the general theory of UNK . END
first of all , and this has been calculated by observation , the universe is expanding -- that is , the galaxies are receding from each other at immense speeds . END
because of this dr. bonnor holds that the universe is becoming more UNK populated by stars and whatever else is there . END
this expansion has been going on for an estimated eight billion years . END
dr. bonnor supports the idea that the universe both UNK and contracts , that in several billion years the expansion will slow up and reverse itself and that the contraction will set in . END
then , after many more billions of years , when all the galaxies are whistling toward a common center , this movement will slow down and reverse itself again . END
professor UNK UNK with the UNK theory . END
he supports the UNK theory which holds that matter is continually being created in space . END
for this reason , he says , the density of the universe always remains the same even though the galaxies are UNK away in all directions . END
new galaxies are forever being formed to fill in the UNK left by the receding galaxies . END
if this is true , then the universe today looks just as it did millions of years ago and as it will look millions of years hence , even though the universe is expanding . END
for new galaxies to be created , professor UNK declares , it would only be necessary for a single hydrogen atom to be created in an area the size of your living room once every few million years . END
he contends this idea doesn't conflict with experiments on which the principle of conservation of matter and energy is based because some slight error must be assumed in such experiments . END
dr. lyttleton backs the theory that we live in an electric universe and this theory starts with the behavior of UNK and electrons . END
UNK and electrons bear opposite electrical charges which make them attract each other , and when they are joined they make up an atom of hydrogen -- the basic building block of matter . END
the charges of the electron and UNK are believed to be exactly equal and opposite , but dr. lyttleton is not so sure . END
suppose , says dr. lyttleton , the UNK has a slightly greater charge than the electron ( so slight it is presently UNK ) . END
this would give the hydrogen atom a slight UNK . END
now if one hydrogen atom were placed at the surface of a large sphere of hydrogen atoms , it would be subject both to the UNK of the sphere and the UNK of all those atoms in the sphere . END
because electrical forces ( the UNK ) are far more powerful than UNK , the surface hydrogen atoms would shoot away from the sphere . END
dr. lyttleton then UNK the universe as a large hydrogen sphere with surface atoms shooting away from it . END
this , he claims , would reasonably account for the expansion of the universe . END
this slim book , while giving the reader only a fleeting glimpse of the scientific mind confronting the universe , has the appeal that informed conversation always has . END
several photographs and charts of galaxies help the UNK keep up with the discussion , and the smooth language indicates the contributors were determined to avoid the jargon that seems to work its way into almost every field . END
it is clear from this discussion that UNK of every persuasion look hopefully toward the day when a man-made satellite can be equipped with optical devices which will open up new UNK to science . END
presently , the intense absorption of ultra-violet rays in the earth's atmosphere seriously UNK ground observation . END
these scientists are convinced that a telescope UNK by the earth's gases will go a long way toward UNK or destroying cosmic theories . END
there would seem to be some small solace in the prospect that the missile race between nations is at the same time accelerating the study of the space around us , giving us a UNK ladder from which to peer at alien regions . END
in doing away with the tea tray , the elephants and the giant UNK , science has developed a series of UNK UNK explanations of the UNK . END
and although the universe may forever defy understanding , it might even now be finding its match in the imagination of man . END
`` roots '' , the new play at the UNK UNK theater on UNK st. which has been made over from a night club , is about the intellectual and spiritual awakening of an english farm girl . END
highly successful in england before its transfer to new york , most of `` roots '' is as relentlessly UNK as the UNK of the small new theater are gaudy . END
only in its final scene , where beatie UNK ( mary doyle ) shakes off the disappointment of being UNK by her intellectual lover and proclaims her emancipation do we get much which makes worthwhile the series of UNK UNK happenings we have had to watch for most of the first two and one-half acts . END
the burden of mr. UNK message is that people living close to the soil ( at least in england ) are not the happy , fine , strong , natural , earthy people UNK intellectuals imagine . END
rather they are genuine clods , proud of their UNK and openly antagonistic to the illuminating influences of UNK or thought . END
they care no more for politics , says mr. UNK , than they do for a symphony . END
seeming to have roots in the soil , they actually have none in life . END
they dwell , in short , in the UNK twilight in which peasants and UNK of the past are commonly reported to have lived . END
but this is a theme which does not take so much time to state as mr. UNK UNK to it . END
so much UNK of mind and household does not attract the interest of the UNK ( unless he has been living in a UNK palace , perhaps , and wants a real big heap of contrast ) . END
the UNK meals , the washing of dishes , the drying of clothes may be realism , but there is such a thing as redundancy . END
now for the good points . END
miss doyle as beatie has a great fund of animal spirits , a strong voice and a warm smile . END
she is just home from a sojourn in london where she has become the sweetheart of a young fellow named ronnie ( we never do see him ) and has been subjected to a first course in thinking and UNK , including a dose of good british socialism . END
but while she is able to tell her retarded family about the new world she has seen open before her , ronnie has not been able to observe her progress , and instead of appearing at a family party to be looked over like a new bull , he sends beatie a letter of dismissal . END
beatie , getting no sympathy for her misfortune , soon UNK and finds that although she has lost a lover she has gained her freedom . END
despite a too long sustained UNK flight , this final speech is convincing , and we see why british audiences apparently were impressed by `` roots '' . END
there were several fairly good minor portraits in the play , including william UNK UNK of a stubborn , rather pathetic father , and katherine UNK vigorous characterization of a farm mother who UNK no UNK nonsense from her daughter , or anyone else . END
but i am afraid mr. UNK meat and potatoes dish isn't well seasoned enough for local audiences . END
shakespeare had a word for everything , even for the rain that disrupted wednesday night's `` much ado about nothing '' opening the season of free theatre in central park . END
the new york shakespeare festival , which is using the wollman memorial UNK UNK while its theatre near the UNK is being completed , began bravely . END
joseph UNK , impassioned founder of the festival and director of `` much ado '' , had a vibrant , colorful production under way . END
using a wide stage UNK he mingled music and dance with shakespeare's words in a spirited mixture . END
the audience filled all the seats inside the wollman enclosure and UNK onto the lawns outside the fence . END
the barbed UNK of beatrice and UNK , so contemporary to a public UNK to the humor of insult , raised UNK . END
the UNK comedy of UNK and UNK , also familiar in a day that responds easily to jokes skimmed off the top of writers' heads , evoked laughter . END
the UNK of the UNK party at UNK palace , with the spanish motif in the music and dancing in honor of the visiting prince of UNK , cast a spell of delight . END
as `` much ado '' turned serious while the UNK UNK rejected hero at the altar , a sprinkle began to fall . END
at first hardly a person in the audience moved , although some UNK were opened . END
but the rain came more heavily , and men and women in light summer clothes began to depart . END
the UNK hero and her father , UNK , followed by the UNK , left the stage . END
a voice on the UNK system announced that if the rain let up the performance would resume in ten minutes . END
more than half the audience departed . END
some remained in the wollman enclosure , fortified with UNK or with newspapers to cover their heads . END
others huddled under the trees outside the fence . END
twenty minutes after the interruption , although it was still raining , the play was resumed at the point in the fourth act where it had been stopped . END
beatrice ( UNK martin ) and UNK ( j. d. cannon ) took their places on the stage . END
in their very first speeches it was clear that shakespeare , like a UNK , had foreseen this moment . END
said UNK : `` lady beatrice , have you wept all this while '' ? ? END
replied beatrice : `` UNK , and i will weep a while longer '' . END
the heavens refused to give up their weeping . END
the gallant company completed act 4 , and got through part of act 5 . END
but the final scenes could not be played . END
if any among the hardy hundreds who sat in the UNK are in doubt about how it comes out , let them take comfort . END
`` much ado '' ends happily . END
the parks department has done an admirable job of preparing the wollman UNK for shakespeare . END
one could hardly blame UNK morris , the parks commissioner , for devoting so much grateful mention to the department's technicians who at short notice provided the stage with its rising platforms , its balcony , its generous wings and even its impressive UNK for the use of the villains . END
UNK elder , who designed the stage , also created a gay , spacious set that blended UNK with the park background and shakespeare's UNK mood . END
mr. UNK has directed a performance that has verve and pace , although he has tolerated obvious business to UNK easy laughs where elegance and consistency of style would be preferable . END
UNK schwarzkopf sang so magnificently saturday night at hunter college that it seems a pity to have to register any complaints . END
still a UNK or two must be entered . END
schwarzkopf is , of course , schwarzkopf . END
for style and assurance , for a supreme and UNK bearing there is still no one who can touch her . END
if the voice is just a shade less glorious than it used to be , it is still a beautiful instrument , controlled and flexible . END
put to the service of UNK of UNK , brahms , UNK and wolf in a UNK and musical way , it made its effect with ease and precision . END
but what has been happening recently might be described as creeping UNK . END
instead of her old confidence in the simplest , UNK , most moving musical expression , miss schwarzkopf is letting herself be tempted by the classic sin of artistic pride -- that subtle vanity that sometimes UNK a great artist into thinking that he or she can somehow better the music by bringing to it something extra , some personal dramatic touch imposed from the outside . END
the symptoms saturday night were unmistakable . END
clever light songs were overly coy , tragic songs a little too melodramatic . END
there was an extra pause here , a UNK or a sigh there , here and there an extra little twist of a word or note , all in the interest of effect . END
the result was like that of a beautiful painting with some of the UNK touched up almost to the point of UNK . END
there were stunning musical phrases too , and sometimes the deepest kind of musical and poetic absorption and communication . END
miss schwarzkopf and her excellent pianist , john UNK , often achieved the highest lyrical ideals of the UNK tradition . END
all the more reason why there should have been no place for the UNK ; ; END
miss schwarzkopf is too great an artist to need them . END
the dance , dancers and dance UNK ( UNK of them ) had a much better time of it at lewisohn stadium on saturday night than all had had two nights earlier , when stadium concerts presented the first of two dance programs . END
on saturday , the orchestra was sensibly situated down on the field , the stage floor was apparently in decent condition for dancing , and the order of the program improved . END
there was , additionally , a UNK for the UNK patrons . END
alvin UNK and UNK de UNK appeared in the first new york performance of mr. UNK `` roots of the blues '' , a work given its premiere three weeks ago at the boston arts festival . END
otherwise , the program included , as on thursday , the UNK `` design for strings '' , the UNK `` UNK '' , the UNK UNK `` the duel '' and the pas de deux from `` the UNK '' . END
maria UNK and UNK UNK , who danced the `` UNK '' pas de deux , were also seen in the UNK pas de deux from `` don quixote '' , another brilliant UNK that displayed their technical UNK UNK . END
among the other solo ballet dancers of the evening , UNK carroll and ivan allen were particularly impressive in their roles in `` the duel '' , a work that depends so much upon the precision and UNK of the two principal UNK . END
mr. UNK `` roots of the blues '' , an earthy and very human modern dance work , provided strong contrast to the ballet selections of the evening . END
as brother john UNK sang five `` blues '' to the guitar and drum UNK of bruce UNK and UNK UNK , mr. UNK and miss de UNK went through volatile dances that were by turns UNK , threatening , contemptuous and ecstatic . END
their props were two UNK , a chair and a palm fan . END
he wore the clothes of a laborer , and she was UNK UNK in a yellow and orange dress . END
the UNK UNK and UNK of both dancers were exploited in leaps , UNK , UNK and slides that were almost invariably compelling in a work of strong , sometimes almost frightening , tensions . END
`` roots of the blues '' may not be for gentle souls , but others should welcome its UNK impact . END
`` perhaps it is better to stay at home . END
the armchair traveler preserves his illusions '' . END
this somewhat cynical comment may be found in `` blue skies , brown studies '' , a collection of travel essays by william sansom , who would never consider staying home for long . END
mr. sansom is english , bearded , UNK cultivated , the UNK author of numerous volumes of short stories , of novels and of pieces that are neither short stories nor travel articles but something midway between . END
the only man alive who seems qualified by his learning , his disposition and his UNK to a baroque UNK of language to inherit the literary mantle of UNK UNK , mr. sansom writes of foreign parts with a dedication to decoration worthy of a pastry chef creating a wedding cake for the marriage of a hungarian beauty ( her third ) and an american UNK ( his fourth ) . END
the result is rather wonderful , but so rich as to be UNK if taken in too thick UNK . END
there are sixteen essays in `` blue skies , brown studies '' . END
most of them were written between 1953 and 1960 and originally appeared in various magazines . END
all are well written and are UNK . END
but , even if mr. sansom UNK too hard to extract more refinements of meaning and feeling from his travel experiences than the limits of language allow , he still can charm and UNK . END
too many books and articles are just assembled by putting one word after another . END
mr. sansom actually writes his with a nice ear for a gracefully composed sentence , with an intense relish in all the UNK resources of english , with a thick shower of sophisticated , cultural references . END
`` i like to UNK a place , and reproduce what it really smells and looks like , its color , its particular kind of life '' . END
this is an exact description of what mr. sansom does . END
he ignores UNK facts . END
he only rarely tells a personal anecdote and hardly ever sketches an individual or quotes his opinions . END
it is an over-all impression mr. sansom UNK for , an impression compounded of visual details , of a savory mixture of smells , of much loving attention to architecture and scenery , of lights and shadows , of UNK of atmosphere and of echoes of the past . END
william sansom writes only about europe in this book and frequently of such familiar places as london , vienna , the french UNK and the UNK UNK . END
but no matter what he writes about he brings to his subject his own original mind and his own sensitive reactions . END
`` a writer lives , at best , in a state of astonishment '' , he says . END
`` beneath any feeling he has of the good or the evil of the world lies a deeper one of wonder at it all . END
to UNK that feeling he writes '' . END
this may not be true of many writers , but it certainly is true of mr. sansom . END
so in these pages one can share his wonder at the traditional UNK of st. UNK that still persists in st. UNK ; ; END
at the sun and the heat of mediterranean lands , always much brighter and hotter to an englishman than to an american used to summers in new york or kansas city ; ; END
at the supreme UNK to be found in one of the world's finest restaurants , la UNK UNK , which is situated on the UNK twenty miles west of the nice airport ; ; END
and at the infinite variety of london . END
mr. sansom can be eloquent in a spectacular way which recalls ( to those who recall easily ) the statues of UNK and the gigantic paintings of UNK . END
he can coin a neat phrase : `` a street UNK with an UNK of people '' ; ; END
UNK with `` petals wide and UNK as a UNK ears '' ; ; END
after a UNK a landscape smelling `` of UNK and clarity '' . END
and , for all his UNK , almost byzantine self-consciousness , he can make one recognize the UNK of an unexpected comparison . END
in one of his best essays mr. sansom expresses his enthusiasm for the many country mansions designed by andrea UNK himself that dot the environs of UNK . END
how far that UNK and UNK style has shed its influence mr. sansom reminds us thus : END
`` the white UNK , UNK southern mansion is directly UNK via the grey and buff stone of UNK england to the golden stucco of one particular part of the blue south , the UNK orbit stretching out from UNK : the old mind of andrea UNK still smiles from behind many an old rocking chair on a southern porch , the deep UNK of his UNK music rise firm above the UNK freeze in the kitchen , his feeling for light and shade brings a glitter from a tall mint UNK , his sense of columns framing the warm velvet night has brought together a million couple of mating lips '' . END
nice , even if a trifle gaudy . END
`` blue skies , brown studies '' is illustrated with numerous excellent photographs . END
in recent days there have been extensive UNK over the absence of original drama on television , but not for years have many regretted the passing of new plays on radio . END
UNK , the UNK outlet on the UNK band , has decided to do what it can to correct this UNK void . END
yesterday it offered `` poised for violence '' , by jean UNK . END
UNK is on the right track : in the sound medium there has been excessive emphasis on music and news and there could and should be a place for theatre , as the canadian and british broadcasting corporations continue to demonstrate . END
unfortunately , `` poised for violence '' was not the UNK vehicle with which to make the point . END
mrs. UNK work is written for the stage -- it is mentioned for an UNK production in the fall -- and , in addition , employs an avant-garde structure that particularly needs to be seen if comprehension is to be encouraged . END
the UNK device is to explore UNK obsession with disaster and violence through the eyes of a group of artist's models who remain part of someone else's painting rather than just be themselves . END
in a succession of scenes they appear in different UNK -- patrons of a cafe , performers in a circus and participants in a family picnic -- but in each instance they inevitably put ugliness before beauty . END
somewhere in mrs. UNK play there is both protest and UNK of merit . END
but its relentless UNK and determined complexity are so overwhelming that after an hour and a half a UNK UNK begins to UNK . END
moreover , her central figures are so busily UNK their UNK assignments that none emerges as an arresting individual in his own right or as a provocative symbol of mankind's ills . END
but quite conceivably an altogether different impression will obtain when the work is offered in the theatre and there can be other effects to relieve the burden on the author's words . END
which in itself is an immediate reward of the UNK experiment ; ; END
good radio drama has its own special demands that badly need UNK . END
a weekly UNK for contemporary music , from the austere UNK of stravinsky to the UNK and UNK of electronic music , is celebrating its fourth anniversary this month . END
titled `` what's new in music '' ? ? END
the enterprising program is heard saturday afternoons on radio station aj . END
the brief notes introducing each work offer salient historical or technical points , and many listeners are probably grateful for being UNK taken by the hand through an often difficult maze . END
the show is UNK and written by the station's assistant continuity editor , chuck UNK . END
the first saturday in each month is set aside for new recordings . END
last UNK interesting UNK included ernst UNK , UNK UNK , richard UNK and a brief excerpt from a new `` space '' opera by the swedish composer , UNK UNK . END
other UNK are devoted to studies of a selected american composer , a particular type of music or the music of a given country . END
it is commendable that a regularly scheduled hour is set aside for an introduction to the contemporary musical scene . END
but one wishes , when the appetite is UNK , as it was in the case of the UNK excerpt from the UNK opera , that further opportunity would be provided both for hearing the works in their entirety and for a closer analytical look at the sense and nature of the compositions . END
the UNK dance company dropped in at madison square garden last night for the first of four farewell performances before it brings its long american tour to a close . END
it is not simply giving a repetition of the program it gave during its new york engagement earlier this season , but has brought back many of the numbers that were on the bill when it paid us its first visit and won everybody's heart . END
it is good to see those numbers again . END
the `` suite of old russian dances '' that opened that inaugural program with the slow and modest entrance of the UNK and built steadily into typical UNK vigor and warmth ; ; END
the amusing `` UNK '' , in which a UNK young man is given his UNK ; ; END
the lovely ( and of course vigorous ) `` UNK '' or `` the meadow '' ; ; END
the three UNK dances entitled `` UNK '' ; ; END
the sweet and funny little dance about potato planting called `` UNK '' ; ; END
and the UNK picture of social life in an earlier day called `` city UNK '' are all just as good as one remembers them to have been , and they are welcome back . END
so , for that matter , are the newer dances -- the `` UNK dance '' with its animal movements , that genial UNK act by UNK UNK called `` the UNK '' , the rousing and beautiful UNK celebration called `` summer '' , `` the three UNK '' of UNK hopping up on their staffs , and , of course , the trenchant `` rock UNK roll '' . END
as autumn starts its annual sweep , few americans and UNK realize how fortunate they are in having the world's finest fall coloring . END
spectacular displays of this sort are relatively rare in the entire land surface of the earth . END
the only other regions so blessed are the british isles , western europe , eastern china , southern UNK and parts of japan , new UNK and UNK . END
their autumn UNK are all fairly low UNK compared with the fiery UNK of crimson , gold , purple , bronze , blue and UNK that flame up in north america . END
jack frost is not really responsible for this great seasonal spectacle ; ; END
in fact , a freezing autumn UNK the blaze . END
the best effects come from a combination of UNK climate and plenty of UNK rain , followed by sunny days and cool nights . END
foliage UNK , either organized or individual , are becoming an autumn item for more and more americans each year . END
below is a specific guide , UNK to the calendar . END
late september finds UNK color at its peak , especially in the UNK hills and in the area south of the st. lawrence river . END
in the maritime provinces farther east , the tones are a little quieter . END
UNK foliage is most vivid from about sept. 23 to oct. 10 , with both UNK ( 100 miles north of toronto ) and UNK ( UNK miles northwest of toronto ) holding color UNK starting sept. 23 . END
in the canadian UNK , great groves of UNK are already glinting gold . END
UNK sugar UNK are UNK from sept. 25 to oct. 15 , and often hit a height in early october . END
new hampshire figures its peak around columbus day and UNK of all its UNK including the yellow of the UNK . END
the shades tend to be a little softer in the forests that blanket so much of maine . END
in western massachusetts and northwest connecticut , the UNK are at their vibrant prime the first week of october . END
the UNK blaze brightest in early october , choice routes being UNK from saratoga up to lake george and 73 and 86 in the lake placid area . END
farther south in new york there is a heavy haze of color over the UNK in UNK , notably along routes 23 and UNK . END
about the same time the UNK and UNK in pennsylvania are magnificent -- UNK holds its annual flaming foliage festival on oct. 14 , 15 . END
new UNK color varies from staccato to UNK all the way from the delaware water gap to cape may . END
during the first half of october the blue ridge and other parts of the UNK provide a spectacle stretching from maryland and west virginia to georgia . END
the most brilliant displays are along the skyline drive above UNK UNK valley and throughout the great UNK between north carolina and tennessee . END
michigan , wisconsin and minnesota have many superb stretches of color which reach their height from the last few days of september well into october , especially in their northern sections , e.g. , UNK UNK county whose UNK celebration is sept. UNK 8 . END
in wisconsin , take route 55 north of UNK or routes UNK and 60 from UNK to prairie du chien . END
in michigan , there is fine color on route 27 up to the UNK UNK , while the views around UNK and iron mountain in the upper peninsula are spectacular . END
in minnesota , UNK county and route 53 north to international falls are outstanding . END
farther south , there are attractive patches all the way to the UNK , with some seasonal peaks as late as early november . END
UNK UNK national forest , missouri's iron county and the UNK of UNK , UNK should be at their best in UNK . END
the UNK have many `` UNK '' , which are organized tours of the UNK areas with frequent stops at vantage points for viewing the golden UNK . END
in colorado , UNK has its fall color week sept. UNK , rye and UNK both sponsor UNK sept. 24 , and UNK springs has a UNK UNK sept. UNK . END
new UNK biggest is at UNK oct. 7 , 8 , while UNK and UNK cooperate in similar trips oct. 1 . END
two sharply contrasting places designed for public enjoyment are now on display . END
the corn palace at mitchell , s. UNK , `` the world's UNK building '' , has a carnival through sept. 23 UNK the three UNK and UNK wee hunt . END
since 1892 ears of red , yellow , purple and white corn have annually been nailed to 11 big picture panels to create huge `` paintings '' . END
the 1961 theme is the dakota territorial centennial , with the pictures including the lewis and clark expedition , the first river UNK , the 1876 gold rush , a little red schoolhouse on the prairie , and today's construction of large missouri river UNK . END
the panels will stay up until they are replaced next summer . END
UNK gardens , near UNK square , pa. ( about 12 miles from wilmington , UNK ) , was developed and heavily endowed by the late pierre s. du pont . END
every wednesday night through oct. 11 there will be an elaborate colored fountain display , with UNK UNK throwing jets of water up to 130 feet . END
the `` UNK tail '' nozzle throws a giant fan of water 100 feet wide and 40 feet high . END
the gardens themselves are open free of charge the year round , and the UNK permanent employes make sure that not a dead or UNK flower is ever seen indoors or out by any visitor . END
the UNK alone cover UNK acres . END
UNK UNK , after a long , painful illness that might have crushed a UNK soul , has come back with an absolute gem of a novel which jumped high on UNK lists even before official publication . END
though the subject -- segregation in her native south -- has been thoroughly worked , miss UNK uses her poet's instinct and UNK skill to UNK her place at the very top of modern american writing . END
with an art that almost UNK art , j. d. salinger can create a fictional world so authentic that it hurts . END
here , in the most eagerly awaited novel of the season ( his first since the catcher in the rye , ) he tells of a college girl in flight from the life around her and the tart but sympathetic help she gets from her UNK brother . END
the head of monsieur m. , END
a UNK , UNK satire on very high french society involving a statesman with two enviable possessions , a lovely young bride and a head containing such weighty thoughts that he has occasionally to remove it for greater comfort . END
there is probably a moral in all this about `` mind vs. heart '' . END
a matter of life and death . END
UNK peterson , a critic by trade , has turned her critical eye UNK and honestly on herself in an autobiography more of the mind and heart than of specific events . END
it is an engrossing commentary on a UNK , upper-middle-class new york way of life in the first part of this century . END
this UNK by louis UNK of the brief , UNK life of stephen crane -- poet and master novelist at 23 , dead at 28 -- is in UNK form but does not abuse its tragic subject . END
UNK a UNK UNK of country living , this is a gentle and nostalgic chronicle of the changing seasons seen through the clear , humorous eye of a UNK housewife and popular columnist . END
two noted UNK from overseas will get the fall dance season off to a sparkling start . END
UNK kirov ballet , famous for classic purity of technique , begins its first u.s. tour in new york ( through sept. 30 ) . END
the UNK UNK dance company , with music and dances that UNK the many facets of UNK culture , opens its UNK u.s. tour in san francisco ( through sept. 24 ) then , via UNK stands , moves on to los angeles ( sept. 29 thru oct. 1 ) . END
with UNK in full swing , you can enjoy UNK for grapes at UNK , calif. ( sept. UNK ) , as well as for UNK at UNK , UNK ( sept. 28 thru oct. 1 ) , for UNK at UNK , w. va. ( sept. UNK ) , sugar cane at new UNK , la. ( sept. 29 thru oct. 1 ) and tobacco at richmond , va. ( sept. UNK ) . END
the mule is honored at benson , n.c. ( sept. 22 , 23 ) and at UNK , calif. ( sept. 24 thru oct. 1 ) , while the legend of the maid of the mist is celebrated at UNK falls through the 24th . END
the fine old mansions of u.s. UNK old home town of UNK , ill. are open for inspection ( sept. 23 , 24 ) . END
an UNK tournament will be held at north UNK , mass. ( sept. 23 , 24 ) . END
the UNK UNK of staten island ( through sept. 23 ) and of UNK , n.y. ( through sept. 24 ) will both include UNK and pageants . END
this french film , set in italy , is a summertime UNK in shock and terror all shot in lovely sunny scenery -- so UNK that at times you almost forget the horrors the movie is dealing with . END
but slowly they take over as UNK UNK ( life , sept. 15 ) , playing a sometimes appealing but always criminal boy , casually tells a rich and UNK american that he is going to murder him , then does it even while the american is trying to puzzle out how UNK expects to profit from the act . END
UNK UNK will have good reason to do their customary cart wheels over a new and complete stereo version of the UNK opera . END
maria goes all out as a UNK princess who gets UNK by a roman big shot . END
by turns , her beautifully sung UNK is fierce , tender , UNK and pitiful . END
the tenor lead , UNK UNK , and la UNK cast under maestro UNK UNK are all first rate . END
UNK UNK UNK quick UNK fast acting pleasant UNK green and purple pills . END
in a raucous take-off on radio commercials , singer ray stevens UNK a cure-all for UNK , UNK , UNK distress , UNK , overweight , UNK , UNK and water on the knee . END
of the nation's eight million UNK owners a sizable number have learned that late autumn is one of the UNK seasons to be afloat -- at least in that broad UNK region that lies below america's belt line . END
UNK are busy right now from the virginia capes to the texas coast . END
there true UNK often find november winds UNK , the waters cooler , the fish UNK , and rivers more pleasant -- less UNK and mud , and fewer floating logs . END
more and more boats move UNK on wheels ( UNK million trailers are now in use ) and UNK taking long weekends can travel south with their craft . END
in the southwest , the fall brings out UNK of UNK who find the summer too hot for comfort . END
and on northern shores UNK sailors from long island to lake michigan will beat around the UNK in dozens of UNK races . END
some pleasant fall cruising country is UNK out below . END
pleasure boating is just UNK into its best months in california as crisp UNK bring out craft of every size on every kind of water -- ocean , lake and reservoir . END
shore facilities are enormous -- los angeles UNK 5,000 boats , and long beach 3,000 -- but marinas are crowded everywhere . END
new UNK and UNK are being rushed at UNK del UNK , UNK , UNK point , UNK and mission bay . END
inland , outboard motorists welcome cooler weather and the chance to buzz over colorado river UNK and lake UNK . END
newest UNK playground is the UNK sea , a UNK desert UNK which is now a salty lake 42 miles long and UNK feet below sea level . END
on nov. 11 , 12 , UNK will drive their flying shingles in UNK UNK over its UNK UNK course . END
in san francisco bay , winds are UNK and UNK during this season . END
a UNK may have a bone in her teeth one minute and lie UNK the next . END
but UNK are scheduled right up to christmas . END
the corinthian yacht club in UNK UNK its winter races nov. 5 . END
hurricane carla damaged UNK of the marinas in the UNK UNK area but fuel service is back to normal , and UNK can roam as far west as port UNK on the mexican border . END
sailing activity is slowed down by texas UNK , but power UNK can move freely , poking into the san UNK , trinity and UNK rivers ( fine UNK fishing in the UNK ) or pushing eastward to the pirate country of UNK . END
off grand isle , UNK often visit the towering oil rigs . END
the mississippi sound leads into a protected UNK running about 200 miles from UNK to UNK . END
memphis UNK like UNK lake , inside the city limits , and sailors look for autumn winds at UNK lake where fall racing is now in progress . END
river cruising for small craft is ideal in november . END
at new orleans , UNK lake UNK has few UNK and UNK boating . END
marinas are less UNK than the florida type but service is good and UNK cooking better . END
ten thousand UNK miles of shoreline frame the UNK lakes in the vast tennessee river system that UNK in and out of seven states . END
when dam construction began in 1933 , fewer than 600 boats used these waters ; ; END
today there are UNK . END
a year ago it was UNK that the primary character in erich maria remarque's new novel was based on the marquis UNK de portago , the spanish UNK who died driving in the UNK UNK automobile race of 1957 . END
if this was in fact mr. remarque's intention he has achieved a notable failure . END
clerfayt of `` heaven has no favorites '' resembles portago only in that he is male and a UNK -- quite a bad UNK , whereas portago was a good one . END
he is a dull , UNK , and aimless person ; ; END
the twelfth marquis de portago was intelligent , UNK , and passionate . END
one looked forward to mr. remarque's ninth book if only because not even a reasonably good novel has yet been written grounded on automobile racing , as dramatic a sport as mankind has devised . END
unhappily , `` heaven has no favorites '' does not alter the record except to add one more bad book to the list . END
mr. remarque's conception of this novel was sound and perhaps even noble . END
he proposed throwing together a man in an occupation of high hazard and a woman balanced on a UNK between death from tuberculosis and recovery . END
his treatment of it is something else . END
his heroine chooses to die -- the price of recovery , years under the strict UNK of a UNK , being higher than she wishes to pay . END
her lover UNK her in death , at the wheel , and presumably he too has chosen . END
between the first meeting of clerfayt and lillian and this dismal UNK , mr. UNK has laid down many pages of UNK discourse , some UNK and rather UNK love-making , pleasant talk about some of the countryside and restaurants of europe , and a UNK of automobile racing . END
the UNK on life , death , and the wonder of it all are distressing ; ; END
the love-making , perhaps because it is pale and UNK when one has been conditioned to expect harsh colors and UNK , is often charming ; ; END
the automobile racing bears little relation to reality . END
this latter failure is more than merely bad UNK and it is distinctly more important than it would have been had the author drawn clerfayt as , say , a tournament UNK . END
hazards to life and limb on the golf course , while existent , are UNK insignificant . END
race-drivers , on the other hand , are quite often killed on the circuit , and since it was obviously mr. remarque's intention to establish automobile racing as life in UNK , one might reasonably have expected him to demonstrate precise knowledge not only of techniques but of mores and attitudes . END
the jacket biography describes him as a former racing driver , and he may indeed have been , although i do not recall having encountered his name either in the records or the literature . END
perhaps he has only forgotten a great deal . END
the book carries a UNK in which UNK says it has been necessary for him to take minor liberties with some of the procedures and UNK of racing . END
the necessity is not clear to me , and , in any case , to present a UNK UNK as saying he has left his car , which , or whom , he calls `` UNK '' , parked `` on the place UNK UNK at a dozen UNK and UNK parked around him '' is not a liberty ; ; END
it is an absurdity . END
but it is in the matter of preoccupation with death , which is the primary concern of the book , that remarque's failure is UNK . END
clerfayt is neurotic , preoccupied , and passive . END
to be human , he believes , is to seek one's own destruction : the UNK `` UNK '' cliche inevitably cited whenever laymen talk about auto race-drivers . END
in point of fact , the race-drivers one knows are nearly always intelligent , healthy technicians who differ from other technicians only in the depth of the passion they feel for the work by which they live . END
a clerfayt may moon on about the face of death in the cockpit ; ; END
a portago could say , as he did say to me , `` if i die tomorrow , still i have had twenty-eight wonderful years ; ; END
but i UNK die tomorrow ; ; END
i'll live to be UNK '' . END
clerfayt , transported , may think of the engine driving his car as `` a mystical beast under the hood '' . END
the italian master UNK UNK , no less sensitive , knows twice the ecstasy though he thinks of a car's UNK to a wet UNK road at UNK miles an hour as a matter best expressed in UNK formulae . END
clerfayt , driving , sees himself `` a UNK whose cone UNK down to hell '' ; ; END
the UNK UNK moss , one of the greatest UNK of all time , believes that UNK UNK driving is an art form related to ballet . END
errors in technical terminology suggest that the over-all translation from the german may not convey quite everything mr. UNK hoped to tell us . END
however , my principal objection in this sort of novel is to the UNK treatment of race-drivers , pilots , UNK , atomic researchers , and all the UNK of our age as brooding UNK or hysterical UNK . END
the west is UNK , according to this book . END
in contrast , the east is UNK led by such stalwart heroes as khrushchev , UNK , and mao . END
against this UNK determination to UNK the whole world stands a group of nations unable to agree on fundamentals and each refusing to make any sacrifice of sovereignty for the common good of all . END
it is field marshal UNK belief that in most western countries about 60 per cent of the people do not really care about democracy or christianity ; ; END
about 30 per cent call themselves christians in order to keep up appearances and be considered respectable , and only the last 10 per cent are genuine christians and believers in democracy . END
but these western countries do care about themselves . END
each feels intensely national . END
if , say , the russians intended to stop tom UNK going to the UNK , then tom jones would fight the UNK . END
but he would fight for his own liberty rather than for any abstract principle connected with it -- such as `` cause '' . END
for all practical purposes , the west stands UNK , UNK , and unprepared for the tasks of world leadership . END
with this barrage , montgomery of UNK UNK his attack upon the UNK of the west . END
never given to UNK words , he places heavy blame upon the faulty , UNK leadership of britain and particularly america . END
at UNK end leadership in western europe passed from britain because the labour government devoted its attention to the creation of a welfare state . END
with britain looking inward , overseas problems were neglected and the baton was passed on to the united states . END
montgomery believes that she started well . END
`` america gave generously in economic aid and military equipment to friend and foe alike '' . END
she pushed UNK and UNK nations into prosperity , but she failed to lead them into unity and world peace . END
america has divided more than she has united the west . END
the reasons are that america generally believes that she can buy anything with dollars , and that she UNK UNK to be liked . END
however , she really does not know how to match the quantity of dollars given away by a quality of leadership that is basically needed . END
but the greater reason for fumbling , stumbling american leadership is due to the shock her pride suffered when the japanese attacked at pearl harbor . END
`` they are determined '' , montgomery writes , `` not to be surprised again , and now insist on a state of readiness for war which is not only unnecessary , but also creates UNK among other nations in the western alliance -- not to mention such great suspicions among the nations of the eastern bloc that any progress towards peaceful coexistence or disarmament is not possible '' . END
the net result is that under american leadership the general world situation has become bad . END
to `` UNK '' , the american people , who in two previous world wars were very reluctant to join the fight , `` now look like the nation most likely to lead us all into a third world war '' . END
as faulty as has been our leadership clearly the united states must be relied upon to lead . END
the path to leadership is made clear . END
montgomery calls for a leader who will first put the UNK own house in order . END
such a man must be able and willing to give clear and sensible advice to the whole group , a person in whom all the member nations will have absolute confidence . END
this leader must be a man who lives above illusions that heretofore have shaped the foreign policy of the united states , namely that russia will agree to a UNK germany , that the east german government does not exist , that events in japan in june 1960 were UNK , that the true government of china is in formosa , that mao was the evil influence behind khrushchev at the summit conference in paris in may 1960 , and that either china or russia wants or expects war . END
such a leader must strengthen nato politically , and establish that true unity about which it has always talked . END
after drastically UNK nato , western leadership should turn to reducing the suspicions that tear apart the east and west . END
major to this effort is to get all world powers to withdraw to their own territories , say by UNK . END
`` the west should make the central proposal ; ; END
but the east would have to show sincerity in carrying it out '' . END
`` but where is the leader who will handle all these things for us '' ? ? END
montgomery knew all the national leaders up to the time of kennedy . END
the man whom he would select as our leader for this great task is de gaulle . END
he alone has the wisdom , the conviction , the tenacity , and the courage to reach a decision . END
but de gaulle is buried in the cause of restoring france's lost soul . END
whoever rises to the occasion walks a treacherous path to leadership . END
the leader montgomery UNK will need to discipline himself , lead a carefully regulated and orderly life , allow time for quiet thought and reflection , adapt decisions and plans to changing situations , be ruthless , particularly with UNK , and be honest and morally proper . END
all in all , montgomery calls for a leader who will anticipate and dominate the events that surround him . END
in looking as far back as moses , thence to cromwell , napoleon , lincoln , churchill , and nehru , montgomery attempts to trace the UNK and qualities of great men . END
he believes that greatness is a marriage between the man and the times as was aptly represented by churchill , who would very possibly have gone down in history as a political failure if it had not been for hitler's war . END
however , montgomery makes little contribution to leadership theory and practice . END
most of what is said about his great men of history has already been said , and what has not is largely irrelevant to the contemporary scene . END
like eisenhower , he holds the UNK suspicion of politicians . END
however , at the same time montgomery selects as his hero de gaulle , who is a UNK dominated by political ambitions . END
`` UNK '' shows a remarkable capacity for the direct statement and an equally remarkable UNK for giving adequate support . END
for the most part , his writing UNK and UNK , preventing easy access by the reader to his true thoughts . END
nevertheless , montgomery has stated UNK and wisely the crisis of the western world . END
it suffers from a lack of unity of purpose and respect for heroic leadership . END
and it remains to be seen if the new frontier now taking form can produce the leadership and wisdom necessary to understand the current shape of events . END
it is no common thing for a listener ( critical or otherwise ) to hear a singer `` live '' for the first time only after he has died . END
but then , UNK UNK was no common singer , and his whole career , public and UNK , was studded with the kind of UNK happenings that terminate with the appearance of his first `` recital '' only when he has ceased to be a living voice . END
it is a kind of justice , too , that it should originate in UNK royal albert hall , where , traditionally , the loudest , if not the greatest , performers have entertained the thousands it will accommodate ( rca victor UNK UNK , UNK ) . END
to be sure , UNK made numerous concert tours , here and abroad , but these did not take him to new york where the UNK critic might UNK . END
the reading public , the UNK public , the UNK public , the UNK public -- all these and others fill substantial roles in u.s. life , but none is so varied , vast and UNK as the eating public . END
the department of agriculture averaged out u.s. food consumption last year at UNK lbs. per person , which , allowing for the 17 million americans that john kennedy said go to bed hungry every night , means that certain UNK on the upper end must somehow down 8 lbs. or more a day . END
that mother hen of the UNK tables , the metropolitan life insurance co. , UNK that 48 million americans are overweight . END
through previous centuries , eating changed by nearly UNK degrees , and mostly toward just getting enough . END
now big forces buffet food . END
for the first time in history , the u.s. has produced a society in which less than one-tenth of the people turn out so much food that the government's most embarrassing problem is how to dispose UNK of 100 million tons of surplus farm produce . END
in this same society , the plain citizen can with an average of only one-fifth his income buy more calories than he can UNK . END
refrigeration , UNK processing and packaging UNK to defy season and banish spoilage . END
and in the wake of the new affluence and the new techniques of processing comes a new american interest in how what people eat affects their health . END
to eat is human , the nation is learning to think , to survive divine . END
not all the concern for health is well directed . END
from the UNK UNK of UNK , eggs and UNK , the u.s. has progressed to UNK , concentrates and UNK . END
each year , reports the american medical association , ten million americans spend UNK million on vitamins , UNK and other food supplements . END
at juice bars in los UNK 35 `` health '' stores , a new sensation is a pink , UNK cocktail , UNK of dried eggs , powdered milk and UNK UNK , which sells for UNK per UNK glass . END
grocery stores sell dozens of foods that boast of having almost no food value at all . END
but a big part of the public wants to know facts about diet and health , and a big group of u.s. scientists wants to supply them . END
the man most firmly at grips with the problem is the university of UNK UNK UNK keys , 57 , inventor of the wartime k ( for keys ) ration and author of last year's UNK eat well and stay well . END
from his UNK office in the laboratory of physiological UNK , under the university's football stadium in minneapolis ( `` we get a UNK on every touchdown '' ) , UNK , UNK dr. keys directs an ambitious , UNK experiment on diet , which spans three continents and seven nations and is still growing . END
pursuing it , he has UNK UNK miles , suffered indescribable UNK UNK , and meticulously collected physiological data on the health and eating habits of 10,000 individuals , from UNK UNK to italian UNK . END
he has measured the UNK ( the UNK areas under the shoulder blades ) of UNK firemen , studied the UNK of UNK UNK , analyzed the `` UNK '' eaten by UNK UNK , and experimented on minneapolis businessmen . END
UNK findings , though far from complete , are likely to smash many an eating cliche . END
vitamins , eggs and milk begin to look like foods to hold down on ( though mothers' milk is still the ticket ) . END
readings of the number of milligrams of cholesterol in the blood , which seem to have value in predicting heart attacks , are becoming as routine as the UNK , which can show that the heart has suffered a symptomatic attack . END
already many an american knows his count , and UNK or worries depending on whether it is nearer 180 ( safe ) or 250 ( dangerous ) . END
out of cholesterol come UNK main messages so far : END
americans eat too much . END
the typical u.s. daily menu , says dr. keys , contains 3,000 calories , should contain UNK . END
and extra weight increases the risk of cancer , diabetes , artery disease and heart attack . END
americans eat too much fat . END
with meat , milk , butter and ice cream , the UNK u.s. diet is 40% fat , and most of that is saturated fat -- the UNK kind , says dr. keys , that increases blood cholesterol , UNK arteries , and leads to coronary disease . END
obesity : a malnutrition . END
throughout much of the world , food is still so scarce that half of the earth's population has trouble getting the UNK calories a day necessary to sustain life . END
the deficiency diseases -- UNK , tropical UNK , UNK -- run rampant . END
in west africa , for example , where meat is a luxury and babies must be UNK early to make room at the breast for later UNK , a childhood menace is UNK , or `` red johnny '' , a UNK protein deficiency ( signs : UNK hair , UNK belly ) that kills more than half its victims , leaves the rest prey for parasites and lingering tropical disease . END
in the UNK u.s. , deficiency diseases have virtually vanished in the past 20 years . END
today , as UNK principles of internal medicine , a standard UNK text , puts it , `` the most common form of malnutrition is UNK excess or obesity '' . END
puritan new england regarded obesity as a UNK symbol of UNK , and thus a sin . END
says keys : `` maybe if the idea got around again that obesity is immoral , the fat man would start to think '' . END
morals aside , the fat man has plenty to worry about -- over and above the fact that no one any longer loves him . END
the simple mechanical strain of overweight , says new york's dr. norman jolliffe , can UNK and damage the heart `` for much the same reason that a chevrolet engine in a cadillac body would wear out sooner than if it were in a body for which it was built '' . END
the fat man has trouble buying life insurance or has to pay higher UNK . END
he has -- for UNK reasons -- a 25% higher death rate from cancer . END
he is particularly vulnerable to diabetes . END
he may find even moderate physical UNK uncomfortable , because excess body fat UNK his breathing and UNK his muscular movement . END
UNK , people UNK because what dr. jolliffe calls the `` appestat '' is set too high . END
the appestat , which UNK the appetite to keep weight constant , is located , says jolliffe , in the hypothalamus -- near the UNK temperature , sleep and UNK controls . END
physical exercise raises the appestat . END
so does cold weather . END
in moderate doses , alcohol UNK the appestat and UNK appetite ( the original reason for the cocktail ) ; ; END
but because liquor has a high UNK value -- 100 calories per UNK -- the heavy UNK is seldom hungry . END
in rare cases , diseases such as UNK or a pituitary tumor may damage the appestat permanently , destroying nearly all sense of UNK . END
far more frequently , UNK is the result of a psychological compulsion . END
it may be fostered by frustration , depression , insecurity -- or , in children , simply by the desire to stop an anxious mother's nagging . END
some families place undue emphasis on food : conversations center on it , and rich UNK are offered as rewards , withheld as punishment . END
the result says jolliffe : `` the child gains the feeling that food is the purpose of life '' . END
food may act as a UNK , giving temporary emotional solace , just as , for some people , alcohol does . END
reports dr. keys : `` a fairly common experience for us is the wife who finds her husband staying out more and more . END
he may be interested in another woman , or just like being with the boys . END
so she UNK around in the UNK and UNK out a chocolate cake . END
it's a matter of boredom , and the subconscious feeling that she is entitled to something , because she's being deprived of something else '' . END
for the army of compulsive UNK -- from the UNK and the UNK to the downright UNK -- reducing is a war with the will that is rarely won . END
UNK keys flatly UNK such appetite UNK as the UNK ( UNK , UNK ) as dangerous `` crutches for a weak will '' . END
keys has no such objections to UNK , quaker UNK quota and other UNK milk formulas that are currently winning favor from UNK . END
`` UNK is a pretty complete food '' , he says . END
`` it contains large amounts of protein , vitamins and minerals . END
in the quantity of UNK calories a day , anyone will lose weight on it -- 20 , 30 or 40 lbs. '' . END
but keys worries that the UNK UNK will never make either the psychological or physiological adjustment to the idea of eating smaller portions of food . END
despite his personal distaste for obesity ( `` disgusting '' ) , dr. keys has only an incidental interest in how much americans eat . END
what concerns him much more is the relationship of diet to the nation's no. 1 killer : coronary artery disease , which accounts for more than half of all heart UNK and kills UNK americans a year -- twice the toll from all varieties of cancer , five times the deaths from automobile accidents . END
cholesterol , the UNK of dr. UNK theory , is a mysterious UNK , UNK substance , chemically a crystalline alcohol . END
scientists assume that cholesterol ( from the greek UNK , meaning UNK , and UNK , meaning solid ) is somehow necessary for the formation of brain cells , since it accounts for about 2% of the UNK total solid weight . END
they know it is the chief ingredient in UNK . END
they suspect it plays a role in the production of UNK UNK , and they believe it is essential to the transport of fats throughout the UNK system . END
but they cannot fully explain the process of its manufacture by the human liver . END
although the fatty protein molecules , carried in the blood and partly composed of cholesterol , are water UNK , cholesterol itself is insoluble , and cannot be destroyed by the body . END
`` a remarkable substance '' , says dr. keys , `` quite apart from its tendency to be deposited in the walls of arteries '' . END
when thus deposited , keys says that cholesterol is mainly responsible for the arterial UNK that UNK in heart attacks . END
explains keys : as the fatty protein molecules travel in the bloodstream , they are deposited in the UNK , or inner wall of a coronary artery . END
the proteins and fats are burned off , and the cholesterol is left behind . END
as cholesterol UNK up , it UNK , UNK and UNK the artery , encouraging formation of calcium deposits and slowing circulation . END
eventually , says keys , one of two things happens . END
a UNK forms at the site , seals off the flow of blood to the heart and provokes a heart attack . END
or ( more commonly , thinks keys ) the deposits themselves get so big that they choke off the UNK flow to the point that an UNK occurs : the heart muscle is UNK , cells supplied by the artery die , and the heart is permanently , perhaps fatally injured . END
ordinarily , the human liver UNK only enough cholesterol to satisfy the UNK needs -- for transportation of fats and for production of UNK . END
even eggs and other UNK foods , eaten in normal amounts , says dr. keys , do not materially affect the amount of cholesterol in the blood . END
but fatty foods do . END
during world war 2 , , doctors in the UNK and UNK noted a curious fact : despite the stresses of nazi occupation , the death rate from coronary artery disease was slowly dropping . END
not until long after the war -- 1950 , in fact -- did they get a hint of the reason . END
that year , UNK UNK UNK showed that the sinking death rate neatly coincided with increasingly severe restrictions on fatty foods . END
that same year the university of UNK dr. UNK UNK , timing oxidation rates of blood fats , stumbled onto the discovery that many vegetable fats cause blood cholesterol levels to drop radically , while animal fats cause them to rise . END
here keys and others , such as dr. a. e. UNK of the rockefeller institute , took over to demonstrate the chemical difference between vegetable and animal fats -- and even between different varieties of each . END
all natural food fats fall into one of three categories -- saturated , UNK and UNK . END
the degree of saturation depends on the number of hydrogen atoms on the fat molecule . END
saturated fats can accommodate no more UNK . END
UNK fats have room for two more UNK on each molecule , and the UNK fat molecule has room for at least four UNK . END
the three fats have similar UNK values ( about UNK calories per UNK ) , but each UNK a radically different influence on blood cholesterol . END
as a result , although we still make use of this distinction , there is much confusion as to the meaning of the basic terms employed . END
just what is meant by `` spirit '' and by `` matter '' ? ? END
the terms are generally taken for granted as though they referred to direct and UNK elements in the common experience of all . END
yet in the contemporary context this is precisely what one must not do . END
for in the modern world neither `` spirit '' nor `` matter '' refer to any generally UNK elements of experience . END
we are in a transitional stage in which many of the UNK of former usage have had to be revised or rejected . END
when the words are used , we are never sure which of the traditional meanings the user may have in mind , or to what extent his revisions and UNK of former UNK correspond to ours . END
one of the most widespread features of contemporary thought is the almost universal disbelief in the reality of spirit . END
just a few centuries ago the world of spirits was as populous and real as the world of material entities . END
not only in popular thought but in that of the highly educated as well was this true . END
demons , UNK , angels , and a host of other spiritual beings were as much a part of the experiential world of western man as were rocks and trees and stars . END
in such a world the words `` matter '' and `` spirit '' both referred to directly known realities in the common experience of all . END
in it important elements of christianity and of the biblical view of reality in general , which now cause us much difficulty , could be responded to quite naturally and spontaneously . END
the progress of science over these last few centuries and the gradual replacement of biblical by scientific categories of reality have to a large extent emptied the spirit world of the entities which previously populated it . END
in carrying out this program science has undoubtedly performed a very considerable service for which it can claim due credit . END
the UNK of the world of spirit in popular superstition had certainly gone far beyond what the experience of spirit could justify or support . END
science is fully competent to deal with any element of experience which arises from an object in space and time . END
when , therefore , it turned its attention to the concrete entities with which popular imagination had UNK the world of spirit , these entities soon lost whatever status they had enjoyed as actual elements of external reality . END
in doing so science has unquestionably cleared up widespread UNK , removed UNK and UNK sources of fear , and dispelled many undesirable popular UNK . END
there have been , indeed , many important and valuable gains from the development of our present scientific view of the world for which we may be rightly grateful . END
all this has not , however , been an UNK blessing . END
the scientific UNK of the spirit world has been in a way too successful and too thorough . END
the house has been swept so clean that contemporary man has been left with no means , or at best with wholly inadequate means , for dealing with his experience of spirit . END
although the particular form of UNK which popular imagination had made in response to the experience of spirit was undoubtedly defective , the raw experience itself which led to such UNK remains with us as vividly as ever . END
we simply find ourselves in the position of having no means for inquiring into the structure and meaning of this range of our experience . END
there is no framework or structure of thought with respect to which we can organize it and no part of reality , as we know and UNK it , with respect to which we can refer this experience . END
science has simply left us helpless and UNK in this important sector of our lives . END
the situation in which we find ourselves is brought out with dramatic force in arthur miller's play the UNK , which deals with the salem witch trials . END
as the play opens the audience is introduced to the community of salem in puritan america at the end of the eighteenth century . END
aside from a quaint concern with witches and UNK which provides the immediate problem in the opening scene , it is a quite normal community . END
the conversation of the characters creates an atmosphere suggesting the usual mixture of pleasures , UNK , UNK , and concerns which would characterize the common life of a normal village in any age . END
there is no occasion to feel uneasy or disturbed about these people . END
instead , the audience can sit back at ease and , from the perspective of an enlightened time which no longer believes in such things , enjoy the dead seriousness with which the characters in the play take the witches and UNK which are under discussion . END
a teenage girl , UNK williams , is being sharply questioned by her minister uncle , the reverend samuel UNK , about a wild night affair in the woods in which she and some other girls had seemed to have had contact with these evil beings . END
for all involved in this discussion the devil is a real entity who can really be confronted in the woods on a dark night , the demon world is populated with real creatures , and witches actually can be seen flying through the air . END
as the play unfolds , however , the audience is subtly brought into the grip of an awful evil which grows with UNK gathering power and soon UNK the community . END
everyone in salem , saint and sinner alike , is swept up by it . END
it is like a mysterious epidemic which , starting first with UNK and UNK , spreads UNK with a UNK growing UNK through the whole town until all have been infected by it . END
it grows terribly and UNK in power and leaves in its wake a trail of misery , moral disintegration , and destruction . END
the audience leaves the play under a spell , it is the kind of spell which the exposure to spirit in its living active manifestation always evokes . END
if one asks about this play , what it is that comes upon this community and works within it with such terrible power , there is no better answer to give than `` spirit '' . END
this is not to attempt to say what spirit is , but only to employ a commonly used word to designate or simply identify a common experience . END
in the end the good man , john proctor , expresses what the audience has already come to feel when he says , `` a fire , a fire is burning ! ! END
i hear the boot of UNK , i see his filthy face '' ! ! END
the tragic irony of the play is that the very belief in and concern with a devil who could be met in the woods and UNK with formulae set out in books was the very thing that prevented them from detecting the real devil when he came among them . END
we marvel at their blindness for not seeing this . END
yet are not we of the UNK century , who rightly do not believe there is any such `` thing '' as the devil , just as bad off as they -- only in a different way ? ? END
in our disbelief we think that we can no longer even use the word and so are unable to even name the elemental power which is so vividly real in this play . END
we are left helpless to cope with it because we do not dare speak of it as anything real for fear that to do so would imply a commitment to that which has already been UNK and proved false . END
even mr. miller himself seems uncertain on this score . END
in a long commentary which he has inserted in the published text of the first act of the play , he says at one point : `` however , that experience never raised a doubt in his mind as to the reality of the underworld or the existence of UNK UNK UNK . END
and his belief is not to his UNK . END
better minds than UNK were -- and still are -- convinced that there is a society of spirits beyond our ken '' . END
( page 33 ) on the other hand , a little later on he says : `` since UNK a great but superficial change has wiped out god's beard and the devil's horns , but the world is still gripped between two UNK opposed UNK . END
the concept of unity , in which positive and negative are attributes of the same force , in which good and evil are relative , ever-changing , and always joined to the same phenomenon -- such a concept is still reserved to the physical sciences and to the few who have grasped the history of ideas . END
when we see the steady and methodical UNK into humanity of the idea of man's UNK -- until UNK -- the necessity of the devil may become evident as a weapon , a weapon designed and used time and time again in every age to whip men into a surrender to a particular church or UNK '' . END
apparently he does not intend that those who read or view this play should think of the devil as being actually real . END
yet such is the dramatic power of his writing that the audience is nevertheless left in the grip of the terrible power and potency of that which came over salem . END
it casts a spell upon them so that they leave with a feeling of having been in the mysterious presence of an evil power . END
it is not enough in accounting for this feeling to analyze it into the UNK of individual people added together to produce a cumulative effect . END
for this does not account for the integral , elemental power of that which grows with UNK vigor as the play unfolds , nor does it explain the strange UNK sense of UNK which comes over those who watch the play like a spell . END
the reality of spirit emerges in this play in spite of the author's convictions to the contrary . END
there is nothing in the whole range of human experience more widely known and universally felt than spirit . END
apart from spirit there could be no community , for it is spirit which draws men into community and gives to any community its unity , UNK , and UNK . END
think , for example , of the spirit of the marine corps . END
surely this is a reality we all acknowledge . END
we cannot , of course , assign it any substance . END
it is not material and is not a `` thing '' occupying space and time . END
yet it exists and has an objective reality which can be experienced and known . END
so it is too with many other spirits which we all know : the spirit of UNK or communism , school spirit , the spirit of a street corner gang or a football team , the spirit of rotary or the UNK UNK UNK . END
every community , if it is alive has a spirit , and that spirit is the center of its unity and identity . END
in searching for clues which might lead us to a fresh apprehension of the reality of spirit , the close connection between spirit and community is likely to prove the most fruitful . END
for it is primarily in community that we know and experience spirit . END
it is spirit which gives life to a community and causes it to UNK . END
it is the spirit which is the source of a UNK drawing power by means of which others are drawn into it from the world outside so that the community grows and UNK . END
yet the spirit which lives in community is not identical with the community . END
the idea of community and the idea of spirit are two distinct and UNK ideas . END
one characteristic of the spirit in community is its UNK . END
the members of the community do not create the spirit but rather find it present and waiting for them . END
it is for them a given which they and they alone possess . END
the spirit of the marine corps was present and operative before any of the present members of it came into it . END
it is they , of course , who keep it alive and preserve it so the same spirit will continue to be present in the corps for future recruits to find as they come into it . END
if the content of faith is to be presented today in a form that can be `` UNK of the people '' -- and this , it must not be forgotten , is one of the goals of the perennial theological task -- there is no other choice but to abandon completely a mythological manner of representation . END
this does not mean that mythological language as such can no longer be used in theology and preaching . END
the absurd notion that demythologization entails the UNK of all mythological concepts completely UNK bultmann's intention . END
his point is not that UNK may not be used , but that it may no longer be regarded as the only or even the most appropriate UNK for expressing the christian UNK . END
when we say that a mythological mode of thought must be completely abandoned , we mean it must be abandoned as the sole or proper means for presenting the christian understanding of existence . END
mythological concepts may by all means still be used , but they can be used UNK only as `` symbols '' or `` UNK '' , that is , only if they are also constantly interpreted in UNK ( or existential ) terms . END
the statement is often made that when bultmann argues in this way , he `` UNK the intellectual UNK which myth is supposed to put in the way of accepting the christian faith '' . END
but this statement is completely UNK . END
if bultmann's own definition of myth is strictly adhered to ( and it is interesting that this is almost never done by those who make such UNK ) , the evidence is overwhelming that he does not at all exaggerate the extent to which the mythological concepts of traditional theology have become incredible and irrelevant . END
nor is it necessary to look for such evidence in the great urban centers of our culture that are UNK almost entirely UNK and so profoundly UNK from the conventional forms in which the gospel has been UNK . END
on the contrary , even in the heart of `` the bible belt '' itself , as can be attested by any one who is called to work there , the industrial and technological revolutions have long been under way , together with the corresponding changes in man's picture of himself and his world . END
in fact , it is in just such a situation that the UNK of bultmann's argument is disclosed . END
although the theological forms of the past continue to exist in a way they do not in a more UNK situation , the striking thing is the rapidity with which they are being reduced to a marginal existence . END
this is especially in evidence among the present generation of the suburban middle class . END
time and again in counseling and teaching , one encounters members of this group whose attempts to bring into some kind of unity the UNK UNK of their `` fundamentalist '' heritage and the stubborn reality of the modern world are only too painfully obvious . END
the same thing is also evidenced by the extreme `` UNK '' so often observed to characterize the preaching and teaching of the american churches . END
in the absence of a truly adequate UNK in which the gospel can be expressed , the unavoidable need to UNK it makes use of whatever resources are at hand -- and this usually means one or another of the various forms of `` folk religion '' current in the situation . END
this is not to say that the only explanation of the present infatuation with norman vincent UNK `` cult of reassurance '' or the other types of a purely cultural christianity is the ever-present need for a UNK gospel . END
but it is to say that this need is far more important for such infatuation than most of the UNK seem to have suspected . END
however , even if the latent demand for demythologization is not nearly as widespread as we are claiming , at least among the cultured elements of the population there tends to be an almost complete indifference to the church and its traditional message of sin and grace . END
to be sure , when this is pointed out , a common response among certain UNK is to UNK about `` the little flock '' and `` the great crowd '' and to take solace from UNK UNK of the `` wisdom of the wise '' in the opening chapter of first UNK . END
but can we any longer afford the luxury of such smug UNK ? ? END
can the church risk assuming that the `` folly '' of men is as dear to god as their `` wisdom '' , or , as is also commonly implied , that `` the UNK of god '' and `` the UNK of men '' are simply two ways of talking about the same thing ? ? END
can we continue to UNK precisely those whose gifts we so desperately need and apart from whose co-operation our mission in the world must become increasingly precarious ? ? END
there is an ancient and venerable tradition in the church ( which derives , however , from the heritage of the greeks rather than from the bible ) that god is completely independent of his creation and so has no need of men for UNK his work in the world . END
by analogy , the church also has been regarded as entirely independent of the `` world '' in the sense of requiring nothing from it in order to be the church . END
but , as scripture everywhere reminds us , god does have need of his creatures , and the church , a UNK , can ill afford to do without the talents with which the world , by god's providence , presents it . END
and yet this is exactly the risk we run when we assume , as we too often do , that we can continue to preach the gospel in a form that makes it seem incredible and irrelevant to cultured men . END
until we translate this gospel into a language that enlightened men today can understand , we are UNK ourselves of the very resources on which the continued success of our witness most certainly depends . END
in arguing in this way , we are obviously taking for granted that a UNK restatement of the UNK can be achieved ; ; END
and that we firmly believe this will presently become evident when we set forth reasons to justify such a conviction . END
but the main point here is that even if such a restatement were not possible , the demand to UNK the UNK would still be unavoidable . END
this is what we mean when we say this demand must be accepted without condition . END
if to be a christian means to say yes where i otherwise say no , or where i do not have the right to say anything at all , then my only choice is to refuse to be a christian . END
expressed differently : if the price for becoming a faithful UNK of jesus christ is some form of UNK , whether of the body or of the mind -- UNK UNK , UNK UNK -- then there is no alternative but that the price remain unpaid . END
this must be stressed because it is absolutely essential to the argument of this concluding chapter . END
modern man , as dietrich UNK has told us , has `` come of age '' ; ; END
and though this process by no means represents an UNK gain and is , in fact , marked by the UNK from the depths that seems to be the cost of human UNK , it is still a positive step forward ; ; END
and those of us who so richly benefit from it should be the last to despise it . END
in any event , it is an UNK step , and if we are at all honest with ourselves , we will know we have no other alternative than to live in the world in which god has seen fit to place us . END
to say this , of course , is to take up a position on one side of a controversy going on now for some two hundred years , or , at any rate , since the beginning of the UNK modern period in theological thought . END
we have aligned ourselves with that `` liberal '' tradition in protestant christianity that counts among the great names in its history those of UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , and UNK , and more recently , schweitzer and the early barth and , in part at least , bultmann . END
it is to this same tradition that most of the creative figures in the last century and a half of american theology also belong . END
for we must number here not only the names of UNK , UNK , and UNK , not to mention those of `` the chicago school '' and UNK , but those of the brothers UNK and ( if america may claim him ! ! END
) UNK as well . END
finally , we may also mention the several members of the UNK `` UNK '' movement that developed at the university of chicago and is heavily indebted UNK to the creative work of alfred north whitehead . END
what makes this long and diverse tradition essentially one is that those who have belonged to it have been profoundly in earnest about being modern men in a UNK modern world . END
although they have also been concerned to stand squarely within the tradition of the apostolic church , they have exhibited no willingness whatever to sacrifice their modernity to their christianity . END
they have insisted , rather , on living fully and completely within modern culture and , so far from considering this treason to god , have looked upon it as the only way they could be faithful to him . END
when we say , then , that today , in our situation , the demand for demythologization must be accepted without condition , we are simply saying that at least this much of the liberal tradition is an enduring achievement . END
however much we may have to criticize liberal UNK constructive formulations , the theology we ourselves must strive to formulate can only go beyond liberalism , not behind it . END
in UNK this we have already taken the decisive step in breaking the deadlock into which bultmann's attempt to formulate such a theology has led . END
for we have said , in effect , that of the two alternatives to his position variously represented by the other participants in the UNK discussion , only one is really an alternative . END
if the demand for demythologization is unavoidable and so must be accepted by theology UNK , the position of the `` right '' is clearly UNK . END
whereas bultmann's `` center '' position is UNK inconsistent and is therefore UNK on formal grounds alone , the general position of the `` right '' , as represented , say , by karl barth , involves the rejection or at least qualification of the demand for demythologization and so is UNK on the material grounds we have just considered . END
it follows , then , provided the possibilities have been exhausted , that the only real alternative is the general viewpoint of the `` left '' , which has been represented on the continent by UNK UNK and , to some extent at least , is found in much that is significant in american and english theology . END
in order to make the implications of our position as clear as possible , we may develop this argument at greater length . END
we may show , first , that there cannot possibly be an alternative other than the three typically represented by bultmann , barth , and UNK . END
to do this , it is sufficient to point out that if the principle in terms of which alternatives are to be conceived is such as to exclude more than two , then the question of a `` third '' possibility is a meaningless question . END
thus , if what is at issue is whether `` all s is p '' , it is indifferent whether `` some s is not p '' or `` no s is p '' , since in either case the judgment in question is false . END
hence , if what is in question is whether in a given theology myth is or is not completely rejected , it is unimportant whether only a little bit of myth or a considerable quantity is accepted ; ; END
for , in either event , the first possibility is excluded . END
therefore , the only conceivable alternatives are those represented , on the one hand , by the two at least apparently UNK but mutually exclusive positions of UNK and barth and , on the other hand , by the third but really UNK position ( analogous to a round square ) of bultmann . END
a second point requires more extended comment . END
it will be recalled from the discussion in section 7 that the position of the `` right '' , as represented by barth , rests on the following thesis : the only tenable alternative to bultmann's position is a theology that ( 1 ) rejects or at least UNK his UNK demand for demythologization and existential interpretation ; ; END
( 2 ) accepts instead a special biblical UNK or method of interpretation ; ; END
and ( 3 ) in so doing , UNK itself to give appropriate emphasis to the event jesus christ by means of statements that , from bultmann's point of view , are mythological . END
one hundred years ago there existed in england the association for the promotion of the unity of UNK . END
representing as it did the efforts of only UNK individuals of the roman and anglican churches , and urging a communion of prayer UNK to rome , this association produced little fruit , and , in fact , was condemned by the holy office in UNK . END
now again in 1961 , in england , there is perhaps nothing in the religious sphere so popularly discussed as christian unity . END
the church unity UNK , january UNK , was enthusiastically devoted to prayer and discussion by the various churches . END
many people seem hopeful , yet it is difficult to predict whether or not there will be any more real attainment of christian unity in 1961 than there was in 1861 . END
but it must be readily seen that the religious picture in england has so greatly changed during these hundred years as to UNK hope , at least on the catholic side . END
for the `` tide is well on the turn '' , as the london catholic weekly universe has written . END
i came to england last summer to do research on the UNK letters of cardinal newman . END
as an american catholic of irish ancestry , i came with certain UNK and expectations ; ; END
being intellectually influenced by newman and the general UNK literature of england , i knew only a UNK country . END
since arriving here , however , i have formed a far different religious picture of present-day england . END
in representing part of this new picture , i will be UNK some of my own personal experiences , reactions and judgments ; ; END
but my primary aim is to UNK what englishmen themselves are saying and writing and implying about the roman and anglican churches and about the present religious state of england . END
since the protestant clergy for the most part wear gray or some variant from the wholly black suit , my roman collar and black UNK usually identify me in england as a roman catholic UNK . END
in any case , i have always been treated with the utmost courtesy by englishmen , even in UNK and UNK , where UNK feeling has supposedly existed the strongest and longest . END
nowhere have i seen public expression of UNK . END
on my first guy fawkes day here , i found catholics as well as non-catholics celebrating with the traditional fireworks and UNK , and was told that most englishmen either do not know or are not concerned with the historical significance of the day . END
a birmingham newspaper printed in a column for children an article entitled `` the true story of guy fawkes '' , which began : END
`` when you pile your `` guy '' on the UNK tomorrow night , i wonder how much of the true story of guy fawkes you will remember ? ? END
in the UNK years since the first guy fawkes night , much of the story has been forgotten , so here is a reminder '' . END
the article proceeded to give an inaccurate account of a catholic plot to kill king james 1 . END
in spite of the increase in numbers and prestige brought about by the conversions of newman and other UNK of the UNK and UNK , the catholic segment of england one hundred years ago was a very small one ( four per cent , or UNK ) which did not enjoy a gracious hearing from the general public . END
the return of the catholic hierarchy in UNK was looked upon with indignant UNK and , in fact , was charged with being a gesture of UNK . END
in UNK newman UNK had to write his UNK with his UNK feelings in order to be believed and to command a fair hearing from english readers . END
now , in 1961 , the catholic population of england is still quite small ( ten per cent , or 5 million ) ; ; END
yet it represents a very considerable percentage of the UNK population . END
a protestant woman UNK to me over the large crowds going in and out of the birmingham UNK ( catholic ) church on sunday mornings . END
she found this a marvel because , as she said , only six per cent of english people are UNK . END
she may not have been exact on this number , but others here feel quite certain that the percentage would be less than ten . END
from many sides come remarks that protestant churches are badly attended and the large medieval UNK look all but empty during services . END
a catholic priest recently UNK how in the chapel of a large city university , following anglican UNK , at which there was a congregation of twelve , he celebrated mass before more than a hundred . END
the protestant themselves are the first to admit the great falling off in effective membership in their churches . END
according to a newspaper report of the 1961 statistics of the church of england , the `` total of confirmed members is UNK , but only UNK are registered on the parochial church rolls '' , and `` over 27 million people in england are baptized into the church of england , but roughly only a tenth of them continue '' . END
an amazing article in the manchester guardian of last november , entitled `` fate of redundant churches '' , states than an UNK commission `` reported last month that in the church of england alone there are UNK churches which are redundant now , or will be in 20 years' time . END
a further 260 anglican churches have been demolished since 1948 '' . END
and in the last five years , the `` methodist chapel committee has authorized the UNK or , more often , the sale of UNK UNK '' . END
most of these former churches are now used as warehouses , but `` neither UNK nor UNK object to selling churches to roman catholics '' , and have done so . END
while it must be said that these same protestants have built some new churches during this period , and that religious population shifts have emptied churches , a principal reason for this phenomenon of redundancy is that fewer protestants are going to church . END
it should be admitted , too , that there is a good percentage of UNK or UNK catholics ( one paper writes 50 per cent ) . END
still , it is clear from such reports , and apparently clear from the remarks of many people , that protestants are decreasing and catholics increasing . END
an anglican clergyman in oxford sadly but frankly acknowledged to me that this is true . END
a century ago , newman saw that liberalism ( what we now might call UNK ) would gradually but definitely make its mark on english protestantism , and that even high UNK would someday no longer be a `` serviceable UNK against UNK errors more fundamental than its own '' . END
that day is perhaps today , 1961 , and it seems no longer very meaningful to call england a `` protestant country '' . END
one of the UNK of the present crusade for christian unity is that there are not , relatively speaking , many real christians to unite . END
many english catholics are proud of their catholicism and know that they are in a new UNK . END
the london universe devoted its UNK issue last december 8 to mapping out various aspects of catholic progress during the last one hundred years . END
with traditional nationalistic spirit , some englishmen claim that english catholicism is catholicism at its best . END
i have found myself saying with other foreigners here that english catholics are good catholics . END
it has been my experience to find as many men as women in church , and to hear almost everyone in church congregations UNK the latin prayers and responses at mass . END
they hope , of course , to UNK the non-catholic population to the catholic faith , and at every sunday UNK they UNK by heart the `` prayer for england '' : END
`` o blessed virgin mary , mother of god and our most gentle queen and mother , look down in mercy upon england , thy `` UNK '' , and upon us all who greatly hope and trust in thee . END
UNK for our separated brethren , that with us in the one true fold they may be united to the chief UNK , the vicar of thy son . END
'' a hymn often to be heard in catholic churches is `` faith of our fathers '' , which glories in UNK ancient faith that endured persecution , and which proclaims : `` faith of our fathers : mary's prayers shall win our country back to thee '' . END
the english saints are widely UNK , quite naturally , and now there is great hope that the forty UNK and cardinal newman will soon be UNK . END
because they have kept the faith of their medieval fathers , english catholics have always strongly resented the charge of being `` UNK '' . END
i have not seen this charge made during my stay here , but apparently it is still in the air . END
for example , a writer in a recent number of the queen UNK states that `` of the myriad UNK the only one which the english catholics really resent is the suggestion that they are ' UNK ' '' . END
in this connection , it has been observed that the increasing number of irish catholics , priests and UNK , in england , while certainly seen as good for catholicism , is nevertheless a source of embarrassment for some of the more nationalistic english catholics , especially when these UNK offer to remind their christian brethren of this good . END
one of the more noteworthy changes that have taken place since the UNK century is the situation of catholics at oxford and cambridge universities . END
at oxford one hundred years ago there were very few catholics , partly because religious tests were removed only in UNK . END
moreover , for those few there was almost no ecclesiastical representation in the city to care for their religious needs . END
now , not only are there considerably more UNK as students and professors at oxford , but there are also numerous houses of religious orders existing in respectable and friendly relations with the non-catholic members of the university . END
some catholic priests lecture there ; ; END
catholic UNK attend UNK and row on the UNK with non-catholic students . END
further evidence that roman catholicism enjoys a more favorable position today than in 1861 is the respectful attention given to it in the mass media of england . END
the general tone of articles appearing in such important newspapers as the manchester guardian and the sunday observer implies a kindly recognition that the catholic church is now at least of equal stature in england with the protestant churches . END
on successive sundays during october , 1960 , paul UNK ( a non-catholic ) wrote articles in the observer depicting clergymen of the church of england , the church of rome and the UNK church . END
the catholic priest , though somewhat UNK drawn , easily came out the best . END
there were many letters of strong protest against the portrait of the anglican clergyman , who was indeed portrayed as a man not particularly concerned with religious matters and without really very much to do as clergyman . END
such a series of articles was certainly never printed in the public press of UNK england . END
there was so much interest shown in this present-day venture that it was continued on UNK , where comments were equally made by an anglican UNK , a free church minister and a catholic priest . END
catholic priests have frequently appeared on television programs , sometimes discussing the christian faith on an equal UNK with protestant clergymen . END
a notable example of this was the discussion of christian unity by the catholic archbishop of UNK , dr. UNK , and the anglican archbishop of york , dr. ramsey , recently appointed archbishop of canterbury . END
the good feeling which exists between these two important church figures is now well known in england . END
the holy sacrifice of the mass with commentary has been televised several times in recent months . END
and it was interesting to observe that UNK television film on christmas eve was the bells of st. mary's . END
of course , the UNK event that has dramatically upset the traditional pattern of english religious history was the friendly visit paid by dr. fisher , then anglican archbishop of canterbury , to the vatican last december . END
it was the first time an english UNK has done this since the 14th century . END
english catholics reacted to this event with moderate but real hope . END
almost daily something is reported which feeds this catholic hope in england : statistics of the increasing numbers of converts and irish catholic immigrants ; ; END
news of a protestant minister in UNK who has offered to allow a catholic priest to preach from his pulpit ; ; END
a report that a catholic UNK had been requested to teach in a non-catholic secondary school during the sickness of one of its masters ; ; END
the startling statement in a respectable periodical that `` catholics , if the present system is still in operation , will constitute almost one-third of the house of UNK in the next generation '' ; ; END
a report that 200 protestant clergymen and UNK attended a UNK mass offered for christian unity at a catholic church in UNK during the church unity UNK . END
the death of a man is unique , and yet it is universal . END
the straight line would symbolize its uniqueness , the circle its UNK . END
but how can one figure symbolize both ? ? END
christianity declares that in the life and death of jesus christ the unique and the universal concur . END
perhaps no church father saw this concurrence of the unique and the universal as clearly , or formulated it as precisely , as irenaeus . END
to be the savior and the lord , jesus christ has to be a historical individual with a biography all his own ; ; END
he dare not be a cosmic UNK that UNK to earth for a while but never identifies itself with man's history . END
yet this utterly individual historical person must also contain within himself the common history of mankind . END
his history is his alone , yet each man must recognize his own history in it . END
his death is his alone , yet each man can see his own death in the UNK of jesus . END
each man can identify himself with the history and the death of jesus christ because jesus christ has identified himself with human history and human death , coming as the head of a new humanity . END
not a circle , then , nor a straight line , but a spiral represents the shape of death as irenaeus sees it ; ; END
for a spiral has motion as well as UNK . END
as represented by a spiral , history may , in some sense , be said to repeat itself ; ; END
yet each historical event remains unique . END
christ is both unique and universal . END
the first turn of the spiral is the primeval history of humanity in adam . END
as UNK UNK the end of history on the basis of its beginning , so irenaeus portrays the story of adam on the basis of the story of christ . END
`` UNK , then , comes the substance of the first man ? ? END
from god's will and wisdom , and from virgin earth . END
for ' god had not rained ' , says the scripture , before man was made , and there was no man to till the earth . END
from this earth , then , while it was still virgin god took dust and fashioned the man , the beginning of humanity '' . END
irenaeus does not regard adam and eve merely as private individuals , but as universal human beings , who were and are all of humanity . END
adam and eve were perfect , not in the sense that they possessed perfection , but in the sense that they were capable of development toward perfection . END
they were , in fact , children . END
irenaeus does not claim UNK for the human soul ; ; END
therefore there is no need for him , as there is for UNK , to identify existence itself with the fall . END
existence is created and willed by god and is not the consequence of a UNK rebellion or of a cosmic descent from eternity into history . END
historical existence is a created good . END
the biblical symbol for this affirmation is expressed in the words : `` so god created man in his own image ; ; END
in the similitude of god he created him '' . END
there are some passages in the writings of irenaeus where the image of god and the similitude are sharply distinguished , so most notably in the statement : `` if the ( holy ) spirit is absent from the soul , such a man is indeed of an animal nature ; ; END
and , being left UNK , he will be an imperfect being , possessing the image ( of god ) in his formation , but not receiving the similitude ( of god ) through the spirit '' . END
thus the image of god is that which makes a man a man and not an oyster ; ; END
the similitude of god , by contrast , is that which makes a man a child of god and not merely a rational creature . END
recent research on irenaeus , however , makes it evident that he does not consistently maintain this distinction . END
he does not mean to say that adam lost the similitude of god and his immortality through the fall ; ; END
for he was created not exactly immortal , nor yet exactly mortal , but capable of immortality as well as of mortality . END
therefore irenaeus describes man's creation as follows : END
`` so that the man should not have thoughts of grandeur , and become lifted up , as if he had no lord , because of the dominion that had been given to him , and the freedom , fall into sin against god his creator , UNK his bounds , and take up an attitude of UNK UNK towards god , a law was given him by god , that he might know that he had for lord the lord of all . END
and he laid down for him certain conditions : so that , if he kept the command of god , then he would always remain as he was , that is , immortal ; ; END
but if he did not , he would become mortal , melting into earth , UNK his frame had been taken '' . END
these conditions man did not keep , and thus he became mortal ; ; END
yet he did not stop being human as a result . END
there is no justification for UNK the random statements of irenaeus about the image of god beyond this , nor for reading into his UNK usage the later theological distinction between the image of god ( humanity ) and the similitude of god ( immortality ) . END
man was created with the capacity for immortality , but the devil's promise of immortality in exchange for disobedience cost adam his immortality . END
he was , in the words of irenaeus , `` UNK by another under the UNK of immortality '' . END
the true way to immortality lay through obedience , but man did not believe this . END
`` eve was UNK ; ; END
for she did not obey when as yet she was a virgin . END
and even as she , having indeed a husband , adam , but being nevertheless as yet a virgin , having become UNK , was made the cause of death , both to herself and to the entire human race ; ; END
so also did mary , having a man UNK ( to her ) , and being nevertheless a virgin , by yielding obedience , become the cause of salvation , both to herself and the whole human race '' . END
because he UNK the primitive state of man as one of mere UNK or capacity and believes that adam and eve were created as children , irenaeus often seems inclined to UNK their disobedience as being `` due , no doubt , to UNK , but still wicked '' . END
his interpretation of the beginning on the basis of the end UNK him to draw these UNK between the virgin eve and the virgin mary . END
that UNK affects his picture of man's disobedience too ; ; END
for as it was christ , the word of god , who came to rescue man , so it was disobedience to the word of god in the beginning that brought death into the world , and all our woe . END
with this act of disobedience , and not with the inception of his individual existence , man began the downward circuit on the spiral of history , descending from the created capacity for immortality to an inescapable mortality . END
at the UNK of that circuit is death . END
`` along with the fruit they did also fall under the power of death , because they did eat in disobedience ; ; END
and disobedience to god entails death . END
UNK , as they became UNK to death , from that ( moment ) they were handed over to it '' . END
this leads irenaeus to the somewhat startling notion that adam and eve died on the same day that they disobeyed , namely , on a friday , as a parallel to the death of christ on good friday ; ; END
he sees a parallel also to the jewish day of preparation for the UNK . END
in any case , though they had been promised immortality if they ate of the tree , they obtained mortality instead . END
the wages of sin is death . END
man's life , originally shaped for immortality and for communion with god , must now be UNK to the shape of death . END
nevertheless , even at the UNK of the circuit the spiral of history belongs to god , and he still rules . END
even death , therefore , has a UNK as well as a UNK function . END
`` UNK also he ( god ) drove him ( man ) out of paradise , and removed him far from the tree of life , not because he UNK him the tree of life , as some venture to assert , but because he UNK him , ( and did not desire ) that he should continue a sinner for ever , nor that the sin which surrounded him should be immortal , and evil interminable and UNK . END
but he set a bound to his ( state of ) sin , by UNK death , and thus causing sin to cease , putting an end to it by the UNK of the flesh , which should take place in the earth , so that man , UNK at length to live in sin , and dying to it , might live to god '' . END
this idea , which occurs in both UNK and UNK , fits especially well into the scheme of UNK theology ; ; END
for it prepares the way for the passage from life through death to life that is achieved in christ . END
as man can live only by dying , so it was only by his dying that christ could bring many to life . END
it is probably fair to say that the idea of death is more profound in irenaeus than the idea of sin is . END
this applies to his picture of adam . END
it is borne out also by the absence of any developed theory about how sin passes from one generation to the next . END
it becomes most evident in his description of christ as the second adam , who does indeed come to destroy sin , but whose work culminates in the achievement of immortality . END
this emphasis upon death rather than sin as man's fundamental problem irenaeus shares with many early theologians , especially the UNK ones . END
they speak of the work of christ as the bestowal of UNK , which can mean ( though it does not have to mean ) UNK from time and history . END
death reminds man of his sin , but it reminds him also of his UNK . END
it represents a punishment that he knows he deserves , but it also UNK most dramatically that he lives his life within the process of time . END
these two aspects of death cannot be successfully separated , but they dare not be confused or identified . END
the repeated efforts in christian history to describe death as altogether the consequence of human sin show that these two aspects of death cannot be separated . END
such efforts almost always find themselves compelled to ask whether adam was created capable of growing old and then older and then still older , in short , whether UNK life was intended to be part of the process of time . END
if it was , then it must have been god's intention to translate him at a certain point from time to eternity . END
one night , so some of these theories run , adam would have fallen asleep , much as he fell asleep for the creation of eve ; ; END
and thus he would have been carried over into the life eternal . END
the embarrassment of these theories over the UNK of death is an illustration of the thesis that death cannot be only a punishment , for some termination seems necessary in a life that is lived within the natural order of time and change . END
on the other hand , christian faith knows that death is more than the natural termination of temporal existence . END
it is the wages of sin , and its sting is the law . END
if this aspect of death as punishment is not distinguished from the idea of death as natural termination , the conclusion seems inevitable that temporal existence itself is a form of punishment rather than the state into which man is put by the will of the creator . END
this seems to have been the conclusion to which UNK was forced . END
if death receives more than its share of attention from the theologian and if sin receives less than its share , the gift of the life eternal through christ begins to look like the UNK appointed means of rescue from temporal , i.e. , created , existence . END
such an interpretation of death radically UNK the christian view of creation ; ; END
for it teaches salvation from , not salvation in , time and history . END
because christianity teaches not only salvation in history , but salvation by the history of christ , such an interpretation of death would require a drastic revision of the christian understanding of the work of christ . END
furthermore , as an encouragement to UNK thinking , it manifestly is fair to admit that any fraternity has a constitutional right to refuse to accept persons it dislikes . END
the unitarian clergy were an exclusive club of cultivated gentlemen -- as the term was then understood in the back bay -- and parker was definitely not a gentleman , either in theology or in manners . END
UNK UNK UNK , an honorable representative of the UNK , addressed himself frankly to the issue in 1845 , insisting that parker should not be UNK or UNK and that in this republic no power to restrain him by force could exist . END
even so , UNK UNK argued , the association could UNK decide that parker `` should not be encouraged nor assisted in UNK his opinions by those who differ from him in regard to their UNK '' . END
we today are not entitled to UNK honest men who believed parker to be downright UNK and who barred their UNK against his demand to poison the minds of their congregations . END
one can even argue -- though this is a delicate matter -- that every justification existed for their returning the public lecture to the first church , and so to suppress it , rather than let parker use it as a UNK board for his propaganda when his turn should come to occupy it . END
finally , it did seem clear as day to these clergymen , as UNK son explained in the biography of his father , they had always contended for the propriety of their claim to the title of christians . END
their demand against the UNK UNK for intellectual liberty had never meant that they would follow `` free inquiry '' to the extreme of proclaiming christianity a `` natural '' religion . END
grant all this -- still , when modern UNK and the harvard divinity school recall with humorous affection the UNK parker UNK upon them , or else argue that after all parker received the treatment he invited , they betray an uneasy conscience . END
whenever new england liberalism is reminded of the dramatic confrontation of parker and the fraternity on january 23 , UNK -- while it may defend the privilege of chandler robbins to demand that parker leave the association , while it may plead that dr. n. l. UNK had every warrant for stating , `` the difference between UNK and UNK is a difference in christianity ; ; END
the difference between mr. parker and the association is a difference between no christianity and christianity '' -- despite these supposed conclusive UNK , the modern liberal UNK repeatedly a sigh of relief , of positive thanksgiving , that the association never quite brought itself officially to UNK parker . END
had it done so , the blot on its UNK would have remained indelible , nor could the harvard divinity school assemble today to honor UNK UNK other than by getting down on its collective knees and crying `` UNK '' . END
happily for posterity , then , the boston association did not actually command parker to leave the room , though it came too close for comfort to what would have been an UNK brutality . END
fortunately , the honor of the denomination can UNK that cyrus UNK defended UNK sincerity , as did also UNK and chandler robbins ; ; END
whereupon parker broke down into UNK of weeping and rushed out of the room , though not out of the fellowship . END
in the hall , after adjournment , dr. UNK took him warmly by the hand and requested parker to visit him -- whereupon our UNK theodore again burst into tears . END
all this near tragedy , which to us borders on comedy , enables us to tell the story over and over again , always warming ourselves with a glow of complacency . END
it was indeed a near thing , but somehow the inherent decency of new england ( which we inherit ) did triumph . END
parker was never excommunicated . END
to the extent that he was UNK or even UNK , we solace ourselves by saying he asked for it . END
yet , even after all these UNK , the conscience of christian UNK is still not laid to rest , any more than is the conscience of harvard university for having done the UNK penance for its rejection of ralph UNK UNK the divinity school address of naming its hall of philosophy after him . END
in both cases the stubborn fact remains : liberalism gave birth to two brilliant UNK , both legitimate offspring of its UNK , and when brought to the test , it behaved UNK . END
suppose they both had ventured into UNK which their colleagues thought UNK : is this the way gentlemen settle frank differences of opinion ? ? END
is it after all possible that no matter how the liberals trumpet their confidence in human dignity they are exposed to a UNK of fear more UNK than any conservative has ever to worry about ? ? END
however , there is a crucial difference between the two histories . END
emerson UNK the problem by shoving it aside , or rather by leaving it behind him : he walked out of the unitarian communion , so that it could UNK the wound of his departure , preserve its self-respect and eventually accord him pious UNK . END
parker insisted upon not UNK , even when the majority wanted him to depart , upon daring the fellowship to throw him out . END
hence he was in his lifetime , as is the memory of him afterwards , a UNK within the liberal sensitivity . END
he still points an accusing finger at all of us , telling us we have neither the courage to support him nor the energy to cut his throat . END
actually , the dispute between parker and the society of his time , both ecclesiastical and social , was a real one , a bitter one . END
it cannot be smoothed over by now UNK his UNK as delightful bits of UNK or by solemnly calling for a reconsideration of the justice of the objections to him . END
the fact is UNK : that liberal world of unitarian boston was UNK , intellectually sterile , smug , afraid of the logical consequences of its own mild ventures into UNK , and quite prepared to resort to hysterical UNK when its UNK foundations were threatened . END
parker , along with garrison and charles UNK , showed a magnificent moral bravery when facing mobs mobilized in defense of the mexican war and slavery . END
nevertheless , we can find reasons for respecting even the UNK of the populace ; ; END
their passions were genuine , and the division between them and the abolitionists is clear-cut . END
but parker as the UNK minister within the pale of a church which had proclaimed itself the repository of UNK UNK a different problem , which is not to be resolved by holding him up as the champion of freedom . END
even though his theological UNK have become , to us , UNK , the fundamental UNK he UNK is very much with us . END
it has been endlessly UNK , but i may here put it thus : at what point do the tolerant find themselves obliged to become UNK ? ? END
and then , as they become aware that they have reached the end of their patience , what do they , to their dismay , learn for the first time about themselves ? ? END
there can be no doubt , the boston of that era could be UNK cruel in enforcing its canons of behavior . END
the gentle channing , revered by all UNK , orthodox or unitarian , wrote to a friend in louisville that among its many virtues boston did not UNK in a tolerant spirit , that the UNK of opinion crushed individuality of judgment and action : `` no city in the world is governed so little by a police , and so much by mutual UNK and what is called public sentiment . END
we stand more in awe of one another than most people . END
opinion is less individual or runs more into masses , and often rules with a rod of iron '' . END
even more UNK , and with the insight of a genius , channing added -- remember , this is channing , not parker ! ! END
-- that should a minister in boston trust himself to his heart , should he `` speak without book , and consequently break some law of speech , or be hurried into some daring UNK , he should find little mercy '' . END
channing wrote this -- in a letter ! ! END
i think it fair to say that he never quite reached such UNK in his UNK . END
but theodore parker , commencing his mission to the UNK , disguised as the minister of a `` UNK congregational church '' which bore no resemblance to the congregational UNK descended from the founders ( among which were still the unitarian churches ) , made explicit from the beginning that the conflict between him and the UNK society was not something which could be UNK into a genteel difference about clerical UNK . END
because he spoke openly with what channing had prophesied someone might -- with daring UNK -- parker UNK UNK further prophecy that he who committed this UNK of taste would promptly discover how little mercy liberals were disposed to allow to UNK who appeared to them UNK . END
an UNK liberalism proved itself fundamentally an institution , and only within those defined limits a license . END
by reminding ourselves of these factors in the situation , we should , i am sure , come to a fresh realization , however painful it be , that the battle between parker and his neighbors was fought in earnest . END
he UNK the citizens in language of so little courtesy that they had to respond with , at the least , resentment . END
what otherwise could `` the lawyer , doctor , minister , the men of science and letters '' do when told that they had `` become the UNK and UNK and the three UNK who stood before the golden throne of the merchant , and continually cried , ' holy , holy , holy is the almighty dollar ' `` ? ? END
nor , when we UNK how sensitive were the emotions of the old puritan stock in regard to the recent tides of immigration , should we be astonished that their thin lips were compressed into a white line of rage as parker snarled at them thus : `` talk about the catholics voting as the bishop tells ! ! END
UNK the catholics for it ! ! END
you and i do the same thing . END
there are a great many bishops who have never had a cross on their bosom , nor a UNK on their head , who appeal not to the authority of the pope at rome , but to the almighty dollar , a pope much nearer home . END
boston has been controlled by a few UNK , lawyers and other managers , who told the editors what to say and the UNK what to think '' . END
and he took repeated care to let his colleagues know that he intended them : `` even the unitarian churches have caught the UNK , and are worse than those who deceived them '' -- which implied that they were very bad indeed . END
it was `` duty '' he said that his parents had given him as a rule -- beyond even the love that suffused his being and the sense of humor with which he was largely supplied -- and it was duty he would perform , though it cost him acute pain and exhausted him by the age of fifty . END
parker could weep -- and he wept astonishingly often and on the slightest provocation -- but the psychology of those tears was entirely compatible with a UNK readiness to UNK his opponents . END
`` if it gave me pleasure to say hard things '' , he wrote , `` i would shut up forever '' . END
we have to tell ourselves that when parker spoke in this vein , he believed what he said , because he could continue , `` but the truth , which cost me bitter tears to say , i must speak , though it cost other tears hotter than fire '' . END
because he UNK shed his own tears , and yielded himself up as a living sacrifice to the UNK conscience of new england , he was not disturbed by the UNK he worked in other people's UNK . END
our endeavor to capture even a faint sense of how strenuous was the fight is muffled by our indifference to the very issue which in the boston of UNK seemed to be the central hope of its christian survival , that of the literal , factual UNK of the miracles as reported in the four gospels . END
it is idle to ask why we are no longer disturbed if somebody , UNK the deepest piety , decides anew that it is of no importance whether or not christ transformed the water into wine at eleven a.m. on the third of august , a.d. 32 . END
we have no answer as to why we are not alarmed . END
so we are the more prepared to give parker the credit for having taken the right side in an unnecessary controversy , to UNK his courage , and to pass on , happily forgetting both him and the entire episode . END
we have not the leisure , or the patience , or the skill , to comprehend what was working in the mind and heart of a then recent graduate from the harvard divinity school who would UNK the UNK to contradict his most formidable instructor , the UNK UNK norton , by saying that , while he believed jesus `` like other religious teachers '' , worked miracles , `` i see not how a miracle proves a doctrine '' . END
i have , within the past fifty years , come out of all uncertainty into a faith which is a UNK conviction of the truth and about which i have not a shadow of doubt . END
it has been my lot all through life to associate with eminent scientists and at times to discuss with them the deepest and most vital of all questions , the nature of the hope of a life beyond this . END
i have also constantly engaged in scientific work and am fully aware of the value of opinions formed in science as well as in the religions in the world . END
in an UNK , yet in a very real sense , i have followed the developments of archaeology , geology , astronomy , UNK , and UNK with a hearty appreciation of the advances being made in these fields . END
at one time i became disturbed in the faith in which i had grown up by the apparent UNK being made upon both old and new UNK by a `` higher criticism '' of the bible , to UNK which i felt the need of a better knowledge of hebrew and of archaeology , for it seemed to me that to pull out some of the props of our faith was to weaken the entire structure . END
doubts thus UNK left me UNK for a while and , like some higher critical friends , trying to continue to use the bible as the word of god while at the same time holding it to have been subjected to a vast number of UNK and UNK : attempting to bridge the UNK between an older , UNK , UNK generation and a critical , UNK , UNK race . END
although still aware of a great light and glow of warmth in the book , i stood outside shivering in the cold . END
in one thing the higher critics , like the UNK , however , UNK themselves , in claiming that the gospel of john was not written in john's time but well after the first century , perhaps as late as 150 a.d. . END
now , if any part of the bible is assuredly the very word of god speaking through his servant , it is john's gospel . END
to ask me to believe that so UNK marvelous a book was written long after all the events by some admiring UNK , and was not inspired directly by the spirit of god , is asking me to accept a miracle far greater than any of those recorded in the bible . END
here i took my leave of my learned friends to step out on another path , to which we might give the modern name of UNK , or the thing that works . END
test it , try it , and if it works , accept it as a guiding principle . END
so , i put my bible to the practical test of noting what it says about itself , and then tested it to see how it worked . END
as a short , possibly not the best method , i looked up `` word '' in the UNK and noted that the bible claims from genesis 1 to revelation 22 to be god's personal message to man . END
the next traditional step then was to accept it as the authoritative textbook of the christian faith just as one would accept a UNK on any earthly `` science '' , and i submitted to its conditions according to christ's invitation and promise that , `` if any man will do his will , he shall know of the doctrine , whether it be of god , or whether i speak of myself '' ( john 7 : 17 ) . END
the outcome of such an experiment has been in due time the acceptance of the bible as the word of god inspired in a sense utterly different from any merely human book , and with it the acceptance of our lord jesus christ as the only begotten son of god , son of man by the virgin mary , the saviour of the world . END
i believe , therefore , that we are without exception sinners , by nature alienated from god , and that jesus christ , the son of god , came to earth , the representative head of a new race , to die upon the cross and pay the penalty of the sin of the world , and that he who thus receives christ as his personal saviour is `` born again '' spiritually , with new privileges , UNK , and affections , destined to live and grow in his UNK forever . END
nor can any man save himself by good works or by a commendable `` moral life '' , although such works are the natural fruits and evidences of a saving faith already received and naturally expressing itself through such avenues . END
i now ever look for christ according to his promises and those of the old testament as well , to appear again in glory to put away all sin and to reign in righteousness over the whole earth . END
to state fully what the bible means as my daily spiritual food is as intimate and difficult as to formulate the reasons for loving my nearest and UNK relatives and friends . END
the bible is as obviously and truly food for the spirit as bread is food for the body . END
again , as faith reveals god my father and christ my saviour , i follow without question where he leads me daily by his spirit of love , wisdom , power and prayer . END
i place his UNK and his UNK above every seeming probability , UNK cherished convictions and holding the wisdom of man as folly when opposed to him . END
i discern no limits to a faith UNK in god and christ , who is the sum of all wisdom and knowledge , and daring to trust him even though called to stand alone before the world . END
our lord's invitation with its implied promise to all is , `` come and see '' . END
i stood at the bedside of my patient one day and UNK a very sick man in terrible pain . END
as i UNK to his needs , i noticed that his face was radiant in spite of his suffering and i learned that he was trusting not only in the skill of his doctor and nurse but also the lord . END
in his heart he had that peace of which the lord spoke when he said , `` peace i leave with you , my peace i give unto you : not as the world UNK , give i unto you . END
let not your heart be troubled , neither let it be afraid '' . END
what a joy to realize that we , too , can claim this promise UNK by the lord during his earthly ministry to a group of men who were very dear to him . END
he was about to leave them , to depart from this world , and return to his father in heaven . END
before he left them he promised that his peace would be their portion to abide in their hearts and minds . END
i praise god for the privilege of being a nurse who has that peace through faith in the lord jesus christ . END
it makes my work a great deal easier to be able to pray for the lord's guidance while UNK to the physical needs of my patients . END
how often have i looked to jesus when entering the sick room , asking for his presence and help in my professional duties as i give my talents not only as the world UNK but as one who loves the saviour and his creatures . END
looking unto god , the prophet UNK wrote these blessed words almost three thousand years ago : `` thou UNK keep him in perfect peace , whose mind is stayed on thee : because he UNK in thee '' . END
are you longing for peace in your heart ? ? END
such a calm and assuring peace can be yours . END
as only a member of the family can share in the UNK joys of the family , likewise one must belong to the family of god in order to receive the benefits that are promised to those who are his own . END
perhaps you are not his child . END
perhaps you do not know if you belong to him . END
you may know that you are in god's family and be just as sure of it as you are that you belong to the family of your earthly father . END
`` god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that UNK UNK in him should not UNK , but have everlasting life '' , and `` as many as received him , to them gave he power to become the sons of god , even to them that believe on his name '' . END
it is to those who believe on his name and belong to him that he gives his peace ; ; END
not that empty peace the world offers , but a deep , abiding peace which nothing can destroy . END
why not open your heart to the lord jesus christ now , accept him as your saviour and let him fill you with peace that only he can give . END
then , with the hymn writer of old , you can say : END
`` i am resting today in his wonderful peace , END
resting sweetly in UNK control . END
i am kept from all danger by night and by day , END
and his glory is UNK my soul '' . END
satellites , UNK , rockets , UNK ; ; END
our UNK are stiff from gazing at the wonders of outer space , which have captured the imagination of the american public . END
cape UNK achievements thunder forth from the radio , television , and newspaper . END
while we are filling outer space with scientific successes , for many the `` inner '' space of their soul is an aching void . END
an average of 50 UNK are reported in america each day ! ! END
one out of every three or four marriages ends in divorce ! ! END
over UNK is paid yearly to the UNK full-time UNK in the united states by fearful mankind who want to `` know '' what the future holds ! ! END
delinquency , juvenile and adult , is at an UNK high ! ! END
read your daily newspaper ! ! END
unfortunately , in our rush to beat the russians , we have forgotten these UNK words of jesus christ : `` what shall it profit a man , if he shall gain the whole world ( that includes outer space ) , and lose his own soul ? ? END
or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul '' ? ? END
( mark 36 , 37 ) . END
gaining outer space and losing `` inner '' space is bad business according to god's standards . END
it is true that we must keep up our national defenses and scientific accomplishments ; ; END
only a fool would think otherwise . END
but we must not forget man's soul . END
is putting a rocket in orbit half so significant as the good news that god put his son , jesus christ , on earth to live and die to save our UNK souls ? ? END
`` for god so loved the world , that he gave his only begotten son , that UNK UNK in him should not UNK , but have everlasting life '' ( john 3 : : END
never forget that a chain is only as strong as its UNK link . END
your spiritual `` inner '' space helps determine the UNK of america as a nation . END
we trust you are not one of the UNK americans who do not attend church , but who feel that various forms of recreation are more important than UNK the god who made our country great . END
is forgiveness of past sins , assurance of present help , and hope of future bliss in your orbit ? ? END
or are you trying the devil's substitutes to relieve that spiritual hunger you feel within ? ? END
pleasure , fame and fortune , drowning your troubles with a drink , and `` living it up '' with the gang are like candy bars when you're hungry : they may ease your hunger temporarily , but they'll never take the place of a satisfying , UNK steak . END
so it is spiritually . END
no amount of religious ceremonies or even joining a church will relieve the gnawing of your `` inner '' space . END
because your soul was made to be filled with god himself , not religious functions `` about '' him . END
only he can satisfy the deepest UNK . END
that is why the bible commands you to `` taste and see that the lord is good : blessed ( happy ) is the man that UNK in him '' ( psalm 34 : 8 ) . END
you can receive god into your heart and life by a step of personal faith . END
accept the UNK son of god , jesus christ , as your own personal saviour . END
`` as many as received him ( jesus ) , to them gave he power to become the sons of god , even to them that believe on his name '' . END
`` the lord is my light and my salvation ; ; END
whom shall i fear ? ? END
the lord is the strength of my life ; ; END
of whom shall i be afraid '' ? ? END
( psalm 27 : 1 ) END
a certain teacher scheduled a `` fear party '' for her fourth grade pupils . END
it was a session at which all the youngsters were told to express their fears , to get them out in the open where they could talk about them freely . END
the teacher thought it was so successful that she asks : `` wouldn't it be helpful to all age groups if they could participate in a similar UNK of their fears and worries '' ? ? END
dr. george w. crane , a medical columnist , thinks it would . END
he says : `` that would reduce neurotic ailments tremendously . END
each week an estimated 20 million patients call upon us doctors . END
of this number , 50% , or 10 million patients have no UNK physical ailments whatever . END
they are ' worry warts . END
yet they keep running from one physician to another , largely to get a willing ear who will listen to their parade of troubles . END
one of the most wholesome things you could schedule in your church would thus be a group UNK where people could admit of their inner tensions '' . END
we are evidently trying hard to think of new ways to deal with the problem of fear these days . END
it must be getting more serious . END
people are giving their doctors a hard time . END
one doctor made a careful survey of his patients and the reasons for their troubles , and he reported that 40% of them worried about things that never happened ; ; END
30% of them worried about past happenings which were completely beyond their control ; ; END
UNK of them worried about their health , although their ailments were imaginary ; ; END
10% of them worried about their friends , neighbors , and relatives , most of whom were quite capable of taking care of themselves . END
only UNK of the worries had behind them real causes which demanded attention . END
well , most of our fears may be UNK , but after you discover that fact , you have something else to worry about : why then do we have these fears ? ? END
what is the real cause of them ? ? END
what is there about us that makes us so anxious ? ? END
look at the things we do to escape our fears and to forget our worries . END
we spend millions of dollars every year on fortune UNK and UNK . END
we spend billions of dollars at the race tracks , and more billions on other forms of gambling . END
we spend billions of dollars on liquor , and many more billions on various forms of UNK entertainment . END
we UNK tons of UNK and tranquilizers and sleeping pills in order to get a moment's relief from the tensions that are tearing us apart . END
a visitor from a more peaceful country across the sea was taken to one of our amusement parks , and after he had seen it all , he said to a friend : `` you must be a very sad people '' . END
`` sad '' was not the right word , of course . END
he should have said `` UNK '' , for that's what we are . END
and that's worse than sad . END
watch people flock to amusement houses , cocktail UNK , and night clubs that UNK continuous entertainment , which means an endless flow of noise and UNK by paid UNK who are supposed to perform in those incredible ways which are designed to give men a few hours of dubious relaxation -- watch them and you can tell that many of them are running away from something . END
in one of his writings UNK speaks of this mania for diversion as being a sign of misery and fear which man cannot endure without such UNK . END
yes , and as tension mounts in this world , fear is increasing . END
does that explain why there is now such a big boom in the bomb shelter business ? ? END
we have so many new things to fear in this age of nuclear weapons , dreadful things which are too horrible to contemplate . END
i doubt that `` fear parties '' and `` group UNK '' will help very much . END
suppose we do get our fears out in the open , what then ? ? END
isn't that where most of them are already -- right out on the front page of our newspapers ? ? END
maybe we are talking about them too much . END
the question is : what are we going to do about them ? ? END
meanwhile , the enemy will capitalize on our fears , if he can . END
hitler did just that 23 years ago , building up tensions that first led to a munich and then to a world war . END
the fear of war can make us either too weak to stand and too willing to compromise , or too reckless and too nervous to negotiate for peace as long as there is any chance to negotiate . END
it is said that fear in human beings produces an odor that provokes animals to attack . END
it could have the same effect on communists . END
the president of the united states has said : `` we will never negotiate out of fear , and we will never fear to negotiate '' . END
that is a sound position , but it is important that moscow shall recognize it not merely as the word of a president but as the mind of a free people who are not afraid . END
and that's another reason why it is imperative for us these days to conquer our fears , to develop the poise that promotes peace . END
turning to the word of god , we find the only sure way to do that . END
in psalm 27 : 1 you read those beautiful words which you must have in your heart if you are to master the fears that surround you , or to drive them out if they have you in their grip : `` the lord is my light and my salvation ; ; END
whom shall i fear ? ? END
the lord is the strength of my life ; ; END
of whom shall i be afraid '' ? ? END
well , you say , those are beautiful words all right , but it was easy for the psalmist to sing them in his day . END
he didn't live in a world of perpetual peril like ours . END
he didn't know anything about the problems we face today . END
read the next two verses : `` when the wicked , even mine enemies and my foes , came upon me to eat up my flesh , they stumbled and fell . END
though an host should UNK against me , my heart shall not fear : though war should rise against me , in this will i be confident '' . END
that is almost a perfect description of the UNK in which we find ourselves today , isn't it ? ? END
our enemy is also threatening to UNK us . END
he has already UNK huge areas of the world , putting men behind concrete walls and iron curtains and barbed wire , reducing them to slavery , systematically crushing not only their bodies but their souls , and shooting them to death if they try to escape their prison . END
yes indeed , we too can see a warlike host of UNK UNK against us . END
what a terrible thing , that `` wailing wall '' in berlin ! ! END
a man with a baby in his arms stood there pleading for his wife who is on the other side with the rest of the family . END
another man tried to swim across the river from the east to the west , but was shot and killed . END
a middle aged woman opened a window on the third floor of her house which was behind the wall , she threw out a few belongings and then jumped ; ; END
she was fatally injured . END
the entrance to a church has been UNK up , so that the congregation , most of which is in the western sector , cannot worship god there anymore . END
practically everybody in berlin has relatives and friends that live in the opposite part of the city . END
people stand at the wall giving vent to their feelings , weeping , pounding it with their fists , pleading for loved ones . END
but the enemy answers them from UNK that pour out communist propaganda with a generous mixture of terrible profanity . END
there is only one escape left , a tragic one , and too many people are taking it : suicide . END
the normal rate of UNK in east berlin was one a day , but since the border was closed on august 13 it has jumped to 25 a day ! ! END
these things may be happening many miles away from us but really they are right next door . END
we are all involved in them , deeply involved . END
and nobody knows what comes next . END
we live from crisis to crisis . END
and there is only one way for a man to conquer his fears in such a world . END
he must learn to say with true faith what the psalmist said in a similar world : `` the lord is my light and my salvation ; ; END
whom shall i fear ? ? END
the lord is the strength of my life ; ; END
of whom shall i be afraid '' ? ? END
notice that this man had a threefold conception of god which is the secret of his faith . END
first , `` the lord is my light '' . END
he lived in a very dark world , but he was not in the dark . END
the same god who called this world into being when he said : `` let there be light '' ! ! END
-- those were his very first creative words -- he began the world with light -- this god still gives light to a world which man has plunged into darkness . END
for those who put their trust in him he still says every day again : `` let there be light '' ! ! END
and there is light ! ! END
in fact , he came into this world himself , in the person of his son , jesus christ , who stood here amid the darkness of human sin and said : `` i am the light of the world : he that UNK me shall not walk in darkness , but shall have the light of life '' . END
the psalmist could say that god was his light even though he could only anticipate the coming of christ . END
he lived in the dawn ; ; END
he could only see the light coming over the horizon . END
we live in the bright daylight of that great event ; ; END
for us it is a fact in history . END
why should we not have the same faith , and an even greater experience of the light which it gives ? ? END
this is the faith that moved the psalmist to add his second conception of god : `` the lord is my salvation '' . END
he knew that his god would save him from his enemies because he had saved him from his sins . END
if god could do that , he could do anything . END
the enemies at his gate , threatening to eat up his flesh , were nothing compared with the enemy of sin within his own soul . END
and god had UNK that one by his grace ! ! END
so why worry about all the others ? ? END
the UNK paul said the same thing in the language and faith of the new testament : `` he that spared not his own son , but delivered him up for us all , how shall he not with him freely give us all things ? ? END
if god be for us , who can be against us ? ? END
who shall separate us from the love of christ ? ? END
shall UNK , or distress , or persecution , or UNK , or UNK , or peril , or sword '' ? ? END
( romans 31 , 32 , 35 ) END
this is the key to the conquest of fear . END
this gets down to the heart of our problem , for it UNK us with god , whom we fear most of all because we have sinned against him . END
when that fear has been removed by faith in jesus christ , when we know that he is our savior , that he has paid our debt with his blood , that he has met the demands of god's justice and thus has turned his wrath away -- when we know that , we have peace with god in our hearts ; ; END
and then , with this god on our side , we can face the whole world without fear . END
and so the psalmist gives us one more picture of god : `` the lord is the strength of my life '' . END
the word is really `` stronghold '' . END
it recalls those words of another psalm : `` god is our refuge and strength , a very present help in trouble . END
therefore will not we fear , though the earth be removed , and though the mountains be carried into the midst of the sea come , behold the works of the lord , what UNK he UNK made in the earth . END
but , again , we have no real evidence on this from that quarter until the close of the ninth century a.d. , when an arabic scholar , UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) is said to have discussed the magic square of three . END
thus , while it remains possible that the UNK and/or the UNK may perhaps have had the magic square of three before the chinese did , more definite evidence will have to turn up from the middle east or the classical world before china can lose her claim to the earliest known magic square by more than a thousand years . END
the `` lo shu '' square as an expression of centrality END
the concept of the middle kingdom at peace , strong and united under a forceful UNK , which had been only a UNK ideal in the time of the UNK states , was finally realized by the establishment of a chinese empire under the UNK dynasty ( UNK b.c. ) . END
but this was only accomplished by excessive cruelty and extremes of totalitarian despotism . END
among the many severe measures taken by the first emperor , UNK UNK , in his efforts to insure the continuation of this UNK national unity , was the burning of the books in UNK b.c. , with the expressed intention of removing possible sources for divergent thinking ; ; END
but , as he had a special fondness for magic and UNK , he ordered that books on these subjects should be spared . END
many of the latter were destroyed in their turn , during the burning of the vast UNK palace some ten years later ; ; END
yet some must have survived , because the old interest in number symbolism , UNK , and magic persisted on into the han dynasty , which succeeded in UNK china and keeping it together for a longer period ( from UNK b.c. to a.d. UNK ) . END
in fact , during the first century b.c. , an extensive literature sprang up devoted to these subjects , finding its typical expression in the so-called `` UNK books '' , a number of which were specifically devoted to the lo shu and related numerical diagrams , especially in connection with UNK . END
however , the UNK books were also destroyed in a series of orthodox UNK UNK which UNK in a final UNK in UNK . END
after all this destruction of old literature , it should be obvious why we have so little information about the early history and development of the lo shu , which was already UNK anyhow . END
but , in spite of all this , enough evidence remains to show that the magic square of three must indeed have been the object of a rather extensive cult -- or series of cults -- reaching fullest expression in the han period . END
although modern scholars have expressed surprise that `` the simple magic square of three '' , a mere `` mathematical puzzle '' , was able to exert a considerable influence on the minds and UNK of the cultured chinese for so many centuries , they could have found most of the answers right within the square itself . END
but , up to now , no one has attempted to analyze its inherent mathematical properties , or the numerical significance of its numbers -- singly or in combination -- and then tried to consider these in the light of old chinese UNK concepts . END
such an analysis UNK reveals why the middle number of the lo shu , 5 , was so vitally significant for the chinese ever since the earliest hints that they had a knowledge of this diagram . END
the importance of this 5 can largely be explained by the natural mathematical properties of the middle number and its special relationship to all the rest of the numbers -- quite apart from any UNK considerations , which is to say , any symbolic meaning arbitrarily assigned to it . END
indeed , mathematically speaking , it was both functionally and symbolically the most important number in the entire diagram . END
if one takes the middle number , 5 , and UNK it by 3 ( the base number of the magic square of three ) , the result is 15 , which is also the constant sum of all the rows , columns , and two main UNK . END
then , if the middle number is activated to its greatest potential in terms of this square , through multiplying it by the highest number , 9 ( which is the square of the base number ) , the result is 45 ; ; END
and the latter is the total sum of all the numbers in the square , by which all the other numbers are UNK and in which they may be said to be absorbed . END
furthermore , the middle number of the lo shu is not only the physical mean between every opposing pair of the other numbers , by reason of its central position ; ; END
it is also their mathematical mean , since it is equal to half the sum of every opposing pair , all of which equal 10 . END
in fact , the neat balance of these pairs , and their subtle equilibrium , would have had special meaning in the minds of the old chinese . END
for they considered the odd numbers as male and the even ones as female , UNK the two groups with the yang and yin principles in nature ; ; END
and in this square , the respective pairs made up of large and small odd ( yang ) numbers , and those composed of large and small even ( yin ) numbers , were all equal to each other . END
thus all differences were leveled , and all contrasts UNK , in a realm of no distinction , and the harmonious balance of the lo shu square could effectively symbolize the world in balanced harmony around a powerful central axis . END
the tremendous emphasis on the 5 in the lo shu square -- for purely mathematical reasons -- and the fact that this number so neatly symbolized the heart and center of the universe , could well explain why the old chinese seem to have so revered the number 5 , and why they put so much stress on the concept of centrality . END
these twin tendencies seem to have reached their height in the han dynasty . END
the existing reverence for centrality must have been still further stimulated toward the close of the second century b.c. , when the han emperor UNK UNK ordered the UNK color changed to yellow -- which symbolized the center among the traditional five directions -- and took 5 as the UNK number , believing that he would thus place himself , his imperial family , and the nation under the most UNK influences . END
his immediate motive for doing this may not have been directly inspired by the lo shu , but this measure must inevitably have increased the existing beliefs in the latter's efficacy . END
after this time , UNK on the han bronze mirrors , as well as other writings , emphasized the UNK of keeping one's self at the center of the universe , where cosmic forces were strongest . END
later , we shall see what happened when an emperor took this idea too literally . END
all this emphasis on centrality and on the number 5 as a symbolic expression of the center , which seems to have begun as far back as 400 b.c. , also may conceivably have led to the development of the UNK school and the subsequent efforts to fit everything into numerical categories of five . END
we find , for example , such groupings as the five ancient rulers , the five sacred mountains , the five directions ( with center ) , the five metals , five colors , five tastes , five odors , five musical notes , five bodily functions , five UNK , and many others . END
this trend has often been ascribed to the cult of the five elements itself , as though they had served as the base for all the rest ; ; END
but why did the old chinese UNK five elements , when the ancient near east -- which may have initiated the idea that natural elements exerted influence in human life and activities -- recognized only four ? ? END
and why did the chinese suddenly begin to talk about the five directions , when the animals they used as symbols of the directions designated only the usual four ? ? END
obviously , something suddenly caused them to start thinking in terms of UNK , and that may have been the workings of the lo shu . END
this whole tendency had an unfortunate effect on chinese thinking . END
whereas the primary meanings of the lo shu diagram seemed to have been based on its inner mathematical properties -- and we shall see that even its secondary meanings rested on some mathematical bases -- the urgent desire to place everything into categories of UNK led to other groupings based on other numbers , until an exaggerated emphasis on mere UNK UNK chinese thought . END
scholars made numbered sets of as many things as possible in nature , or assigned arbitrary numbers to individual things , in a fashion that seems to the modern scientific mind as downright UNK , and philosophical ideas based upon all this tended to UNK speculative thought in china for many centuries . END
yin and yang in the `` lo shu '' square END
although the primary mathematical properties of the middle number at the center of the lo shu , and the interrelation of all the other numbers to it , might seem enough to account for the deep fascination which the lo shu held for the old chinese philosophers , this was actually only a beginning of wonders . END
for the lo shu square was a remarkably complete UNK of most of the chief religious and philosophical ideas of its time . END
as such , one cannot fully understand the thought of the UNK and han periods without knowing the meanings inherent in the lo shu ; ; END
but , conversely , one cannot begin to understand the lo shu without knowing something about the world view of the old chinese , which they felt they saw expressed in it . END
the chinese world view during the han dynasty , when the lo shu seems to have been at the height of its popularity , was based in large part on the teachings of the UNK and UNK school , which was traditionally founded by UNK UNK . END
according to this doctrine , the universe was ruled by heaven , UNK -- as a natural force , or in the UNK of a supreme UNK -- governing all things by means of a process called the tao , which can be roughly interpreted as `` the order of the universe '' or `` the universal way '' . END
heaven , acting through the tao , expressed itself by means of the workings of two basic principles , the yin and the yang . END
the yang , or male principle , was the source of light , heat , and dynamic vitality , associated with the sun ; ; END
while the yin , or female principle , flourished in darkness , cold , and quiet UNK , and was associated with the moon . END
together these two principles influenced all things , and in varying combinations they were present in everything . END
we have already seen that odd numbers were considered as being yang , while the even numbers were yin , so that the eight outer numbers of the lo shu represented these two principles in balanced equilibrium around the UNK center . END
during the han dynasty , another UNK conception was applied to the lo shu , considering the latter as a plan of ancient china . END
instead of linking the nine numbers of this diagram with the traditional nine provinces , as was usually done , this equated the odd , yang numbers with mountains ( firm and resistant , hence yang ) and the even numbers with rivers ( UNK and yielding , hence yin ) ; ; END
taking the former from the five sacred mountains of the han period and the latter from the principal river systems of old china . END
thus the middle number , 5 , represented UNK in UNK , central china ; ; END
the 3 , UNK in UNK , east china ; ; END
the 7 , UNK in UNK , west china ; ; END
the 1 , UNK in UNK , north china ( or the mountain with the same name in neighboring UNK ) ; ; END
and the 9 , UNK in UNK , which was then the south sacred mountain . END
for the rivers , the 4 represented the UNK , to the ( then ) southeast ; ; END
the 2 , the san UNK ( three rivers ) in the ( then ) southwest ; ; END
the 8 , the UNK in the northeast ; ; END
and the 6 , the ( upper ) yellow river in the northwest . END
note that by western standards this plan was `` upside down '' , as it put north at the bottom and south at the top , with the other directions UNK altered ; ; END
but in this respect it was merely following the accepted chinese convention for all maps . END
the same arrangement was used when the lo shu was equated with the nine provinces ; ; END
and whenever the lo shu involved directional symbolism , it was oriented in this same fashion . END
few persons who join the church are UNK . END
they earnestly desire to do the will of god . END
when they fall by the UNK and fail to achieve christian stature , it is an indictment of the church . END
these UNK are dramatic evidence of `` halfway evangelism '' , a failure to follow through . END
a program of lay UNK evangelism can end in dismal defeat with half the new members drifting away unless practical plans and strenuous efforts are made to keep them in the active fellowship . END
the work of lay UNK evangelism is not completed when all of the persons on the responsibility list have been interviewed . END
in the average situation about one-third of those visited make commitments to christ and the church . END
the pastor and the membership preparation and assimilation committee must follow through immediately with a carefully planned program . END
the first thirty to sixty days after individuals make their decision will determine their interest and participation in the life of the church . END
neglect means spiritual paralysis or death . END
churches that have a carefully planned program of membership preparation and assimilation often keep 85 to 90 per cent of their new members loyal and active . END
this is the answer to the problem of `` membership delinquency '' . END
it is important that persons desiring to unite with the church be prepared for this experience so that it may be meaningful and spiritually significant . END
it is unfair and UNK to ask a person to take the sacred vows of church membership before he has been carefully instructed concerning their implications . END
preparation for church membership begins immediately after the commitment is received . END
the pastor writes a personal letter to each individual , expressing his joy over the decision , assuring him of a pastoral call at the earliest convenient time , and UNK the plan for membership preparation classes and membership sunday . END
some pastors write a letter the same night the decision is reported by the visitors . END
it should not be postponed later than the next day . END
a helpful UNK may be enclosed in the letter . END
the pastor calls in the home of each individual or family for a spiritual guidance conference . END
if possible , he should make an appointment in order that all persons involved may be present . END
this is not a social call . END
it is definitely a `` spiritual guidance conference '' . END
he will discuss the significance of christian commitment , the necessity of family religion and private UNK , and the importance of the membership preparation sessions . END
there may be problems of conduct or questions of belief which will require his counsel . END
each conference should be concluded naturally with prayer . END
a piece of UNK material , such as the upper room , may be left in each home . END
a minimum of four sessions of preparation for membership is necessary for adults . END
some churches require more . END
none should ask less . END
those who join the church need to be instructed in the faith and the meaning of christian UNK before they take the sacred vows . END
they will have a greater appreciation for the church and a deeper devotion to it if membership requires something of them . END
many churches find the sunday school hour to be the most practical time for adult preparation classes . END
others meet on sunday night , at the UNK service , or for a series of four nights . END
some pastors have two sessions in one evening , with a UNK period between . END
the sessions should cover four major areas : a END
-- the christian faith ; ; END
-- history of the church ; ; END
-- duties of church membership ; ; END
-- the local church and its program END
following each instruction period a piece of literature dealing with the topic should be handed each one for further reading during the week . END
this procedure is much more effective than giving out a membership UNK . END
most pastors find that the fourth session should take at least two hours and therefore hold it on a week night prior to reception sunday . END
in this session the persons seeking membership are provided information concerning the work of the denomination as well as the program and activities of the local church . END
the lay leadership of the church may be invited to speak on the various phases of church life , service opportunities , the church school , missions , men's work , women's work , youth program , social activities , and finances . END
the budget of the church may be presented and UNK UNK at this session . END
an `` interest UNK '' or `` talent sheet '' may be filled out by each person . END
( see sample on pp. UNK . END
) the fourth session may be concluded with a tour of the church facilities and UNK . END
the social time gives an opportunity for church leaders to become acquainted with the new members . END
additional suggestions for membership preparation END
in conducting the membership UNK class , the pastor should plan a variety of teaching techniques in order to develop greater interest on the part of the class . END
the following have been found effective . END
extend the number of classes . END
some churches have six or more training sessions of two hours each , generally held on sunday night or during the week . END
this gives greater opportunity for the learning process . END
use UNK -- for example , in discussing the lord's supper or church symbolism . END
some excellent UNK with recordings and motion pictures may be secured from your denominational headquarters to enrich the class session . END
have a `` question box '' . END
some new members will hesitate to ask questions UNK . END
urge them to write out their questions for the box . END
use a textbook with assigned readings each week . END
select class members for reports on various phases of the study . END
conduct examinations , using a UNK check sheet . END
ask each member to write a statement on such topics as : `` what christ means to me '' , `` what the church means to me '' , `` why join the church '' , `` the duties of church members '' , etc. . END
assign a series of UNK questions to be UNK . END
invite class members to share in an extra period of bible study each week . END
ask each new member to bring his UNK of loyalty to the reception service . END
what about transfers ? ? END
there is a growing conviction among pastors and church leaders that all those who come into the fellowship of the church need preparatory training , including those coming by transfer of membership . END
george e. UNK writes : `` there is danger in trying to make admission to the church so easy and UNK that people will scarcely know that anything has happened '' . END
people appreciate experiences that demand something of them . END
those who transfer their membership are no exception to the rule . END
for most of them , it will be their first experience in membership training , since this is a recent development in many churches . END
those coming from other denominations will welcome the opportunity to become informed . END
the preparatory class is an UNK UNK group in which new members become acquainted with one another . END
it provides a natural transition into the life of the local church and its organizations . END
reception into the church fellowship END
the total process of evangelism reaches the UNK when the group of new members stands before the congregation to declare publicly their faith and to be received into the fellowship of the church . END
this should be a high moment in their lives , a UNK experience . END
they should sense the tremendous significance of joining the spiritual succession reaching back to christ our lord and forward to an eternal fellowship with the saints of the ages . END
every detail of the service merits careful attention -- the hymns , the sermon , the ritual , the right hand of fellowship , the introduction to the congregation , the welcome of the congregation . END
this is a vital part of their spiritual growth and assimilation . END
it will help to determine the attitude of the new members toward the church . END
it can mean the difference between participation and inaction , spiritual growth and decay . END
the worship service is the natural and logical time to receive new members into the church . END
the atmosphere for this momentous experience can be created most effectively through the worship experience . END
psychologically the reception should be the climax , following the sermon . END
ask the new members to meet thirty minutes before the service to complete `` talent sheets '' and UNK cards . END
some denominations ask new members to sign personally the chronological membership register . END
provide a name card for each new member . END
outline plans for the entire service . END
arrange a reserved section in the sanctuary where all new members may sit together . END
sponsors may sit with them also . END
invite sponsors or fellowship friends to stand back of the new members in the reception service . END
give each new member a certificate of membership . END
introduce each new member to the congregation , asking him to face the congregation . END
lead the congregation in a response of welcome . END
have a reception for new members in the parlor or social hall immediately after the service . END
take a picture of the group of new members to be put in the church paper or placed on the bulletin board . END
have a fellowship luncheon or dinner with new members as guests . END
chapter 6 planning for the assimilation and growth of new members END
the church is `` the family of god '' . END
the members of the `` family '' are drawn together by a common love for christ and a sincere devotion to his kingdom . END
every member of the family must have a vital place in its life . END
this is no UNK experience ; ; END
everyone is to be a participant . END
yet the most difficult problem in the church's program of evangelism is right at this point -- helping new members to become participating , growing parts of the fellowship . END
very easily they may be neglected and eventually join the ranks of the unconcerned and inactive . END
a study of major denominational membership statistics over a UNK period revealed the appalling fact that nearly 40 per cent of those who joined the church were lost to the church within seven years . END
one denomination had a membership of UNK at the beginning of the period under study , and twenty years later its membership stood at UNK -- a net growth of only UNK . END
yet during the same period there were UNK additions . END
another major church body had UNK members and twenty years later its membership stood at UNK . END
during this time UNK new members were brought into the fellowship . END
still another denomination had UNK members twenty years ago . END
during this period UNK members were received , yet the net membership now is only UNK . END
these figures indicate that we are losing almost as many as we are receiving into membership . END
this problem is illustrated by the fact that many local churches drop from the active membership rolls each year as many as they receive into the fellowship . END
studies of membership trends , even in some areas where population is expanding , show that numbers of churches have had little net increase , though many new members were received . END
something is wrong when these things happen . END
the local `` family of god '' has failed its new members through neglect and UNK for their spiritual welfare . END
new members can become participating , growing members . END
but this will not happen merely through the natural process of social life . END
it must be planned and carefully developed . END
the entire membership of the local church must be UNK to their part in this dynamic process . END
if the church has followed the plan of cultivation of prospects and carried through a program of membership preparation as outlined earlier in this book , the process of assimilation and growth will be well under way . END
those who enter the front door of the church UNK and with christian dedication will not so easily step through the back door because of lost interest . END
however , it is not enough to bring persons to christian commitment and train them in the meaning of christian UNK . END
when they unite with the church they must find in this fellowship the satisfaction of their basic spiritual needs or they will never mature into effective christians . END
the church expects certain things of those who become members . END
the new members justifiably expect some things from their church family : END
-- welcome into the fellowship END
-- sincere christian love and understanding END
-- inspiring and challenging worship experiences END
-- social and recreational activities END
-- opportunities for christian service END
-- opportunities for study of the christian faith and the bible END
-- guidance in christian social concerns . END
men need unity and they need god . END
care must be taken neither to confuse unity with uniformity nor god with our parochial ideas about him , but with these two qualifications , the statement stands . END
the statement also points to a classic paradox : the more men turn toward god , who is not only in himself the paradigm of all unity but also the only ground on which human unity can ultimately be established , the more men splinter into groups and set themselves apart from one another . END
to be reminded of this we need only glance at the world map and note the extent to which religious divisions have compounded political ones , with a resultant fragmentation of the human race . END
UNK attending the partition of india and the establishment of the state of israel are simply recent grim evidences of the hostility such divisions can UNK . END
the words of cardinal newman come UNK to mind : `` oh how we hate one another for the love of god '' ! ! END
the source of this paradox is not difficult to identify . END
it lies in institutions . END
institutions require structure , form , and definition , and these in turn entail differentiation and exclusion . END
a completely amorphous institution would be a contradiction in terms ; ; END
to escape this fate , it must rule some things out . END
for every criterion which defines what something is , at the same time proclaims -- UNK if not openly -- what that something is not . END
some persons are so sensitive to this truth as to propose that we do away with institutions altogether ; ; END
in the present context this amounts to the advice that while being religious may have a certain justification , we ought to dispense with churches . END
the suggestion is naive . END
man is at once a gregarious animal and a UNK being . END
having once committed himself to an ideal which he considers worthwhile , he inevitably creates forms for its expression and institutions for its continuance . END
to propose that men be religious without having religious institutions is like proposing that they be learned without having schools . END
both UNK are possible logically , but practically they are impossible . END
as much as men intrinsically need the unity that is grounded in god , they UNK require the institutions that will direct their steps toward him . END
yet the fact remains that such institutions do set men at odds with their fellows . END
is there any way out of the UNK ? ? END
the only way that i can see is through communication . END
interfaith communication need not be regarded as an unfortunate burden visited upon us by the necessity of maintaining diplomatic relations with our UNK . END
approached UNK , it is a high art . END
it is the art of relating the finite to the infinite , of doing our best to insure that the UNK requirements of religious institutions will not UNK god's intent of unity among men more than is UNK necessary . END
in a certain sense , interfaith communication UNK diplomatic communication among the UNK . END
what are the pertinent facts affecting such communication at the present juncture of history ? ? END
i shall touch on three areas : personal , national , and theological . END
by personal factors i mean those rooted in personality structure . END
some interfaith tensions are not occasioned by theological differences at all , but by the need of men to have persons they can blame , distrust , denounce , and even hate . END
such needs may rise to pathological proportions . END
modern psychology has shown that UNK `` the authoritarian personality '' is `` the UNK personality '' in which insecurity , inferiority , suspicion , and distrust combine to provide a target for antagonism so indispensable that it will be manufactured if it does not exist naturally . END
fortunately the number of pathological UNK appears to be quite small , but it would be a mistake to think that more than a matter of degree UNK them from the rest of us . END
to some extent the personal UNK that prejudices attempt to UNK for are to be found in all of us . END
interfaith conflicts which spring from psychological deficiencies are the most unfortunate of all , for they have no UNK features whatsoever . END
it is difficult to say what can be done about them except that we must learn to recognize when it is they , rather than UNK for them , that are causing the trouble , and do everything possible to nurture the healthy personalities that will prevent the development of such deficiencies . END
while the personality factors that UNK interfaith conflict may be perennial , nationalism is more variable . END
the specific instance i have in mind is the afro-asian version which has gained prominence only in this second half of the twentieth century . END
emerging from the two centuries of colonial domination , the afro-asian world is UNK with a nationalism that has undone empires . END
no less than twenty-two nations have already achieved independence since world war 2 , , and the number is growing by the year . END
as an obvious consequence , obstacles to genuine interfaith communication have grown more formidable in one important area : relations between christians and UNK in these lands . END
colonialism alone would have been able to make these difficulties serious , for christianity is so closely tied to colonialism in the minds of these people that repudiation of the one has tended automatically toward the repudiation of the other . END
actually , however , this turns out to be only part of the picture . END
nationalism has abetted not only the repudiation of foreign religions but the revival of native ones , some of which had been lying in UNK for centuries . END
the truth is that any revival of traditional and UNK religion will serve to promote that sense of identity and UNK which these young nations very much need . END
insofar as these nations claim to UNK traditions and ways of life which constitute ultimate , UNK UNK for their existence , such people are inevitably led to emphasize the ways in which these traditions and ways are theirs rather than someone else's . END
all this works severely against the kind of UNK communication for which christian missions stand . END
africans and UNK tend to consider not only missions but the local churches they have produced as centers and agents of western culture and ideology if not of direct political propaganda . END
the people hardest hit by this suspicion are , of course , christians on the mainland of china . END
but the problem extends elsewhere . END
for example , in burma and ceylon many UNK argue that buddhism ought to be the official state religion . END
in 1960 ceylon UNK its UNK -- UNK christian -- schools , to the rejoicing of most of its UNK UNK and the UNK of its UNK roman catholics . END
again , india has imposed formidable barriers against the entrance of additional missionaries , and UNK UNK parties are expected to seek further action against christians once the influence making for tolerance due to nehru and his followers is gone . END
the progressive closing of afro-asian ears to the christian message is UNK in a conversation i had three years ago while flying from jerusalem to cairo . END
i was seated next to the director of the seventh day UNK world radio program . END
he said that on his tour the preceding year a considerable number of hours would have been available to him on japanese radio networks , but that he had then lacked the funds to contract for them . END
after returning to the united states and raising the money , he discovered on getting back to japan that the hours were no longer available . END
it was not that they had been contracted for during the interval ; ; END
they simply could no longer be purchased for missionary purposes . END
it is not unfair to add on the other side that the crude and almost UNK approach of certain fundamentalist UNK toward the cultures and religions among which they work has contributed UNK to this UNK of UNK sentiment . END
ironically , these are the groups which have doubled or tripled their missionary efforts since world war 2 , , while the more established denominations are barely maintaining pre-war staffs . END
although i have emphasized the barriers which an aroused nationalism has raised against relations between christians and UNK in asia , the fact is that this development has also widened the gulf between certain afro-asian religions themselves . END
the partition of india has hardly improved relations between UNK and UNK ; ; END
neither has the establishment of the state of israel fostered harmony between UNK and jews . END
i turn finally to several theological developments . END
the modern world has been marked by progressive UNK with claims to divine sanction for the state , whatever its political form . END
the american constitution was historic at this point in providing that `` congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof '' . END
one of our foremost jurists , david UNK field , has gone so far as to call this provision `` the greatest achievement ever made in the course of human history '' . END
the trend throughout the world's religions has been toward a recognition of at least the practical validity of this constitutional enactment . END
pakistan was created in 1947 UNK as a UNK state , but when the army took over eleven years later it did so on a wave of mass impatience which was directed in part against the inability of political and religious leaders to think their way through to the meaning of UNK for the modern political situation . END
`` what is the point '' , charles adams reports the UNK as asking , `` in demanding an UNK state and society if no one , not even the doctors of the sacred law themselves , can say clearly and UNK what the nature of such a state and society is '' ? ? END
the current regime of president UNK UNK UNK is UNK secular . END
and while the nation was formerly named `` the UNK republic of pakistan '' , it is now simply `` the republic of pakistan '' . END
comparable trends can be noted elsewhere . END
the new regime in turkey is intentionally less UNK than its predecessor . END
the religious parties in israel have experienced a great loss of prestige in recent months . END
during the years when israel was passing from crisis to crisis -- the UNK campaign , the UNK of UNK of UNK immigrants -- it was felt that the purpose of national unity could be best served if the secular majority were to yield to the religious parties . END
now that israel enjoys relative prosperity and a reduction of tensions , the UNK are less disposed to compromise . END
and in this country UNK UNK UNK of the line between the UNK and secular orders during the last presidential campaign served to provide a most impressive roman catholic defense of the practical autonomy of both church and state . END
the failure at that time of the puerto UNK bishops to control the votes of their people added a ring of good sense to father UNK theological argument . END
everywhere there seems to be a growing recognition of the fact that governments and religious institutions alike are too UNK and corruptible -- in a word , too human -- to warrant any claim of maintaining partnership with the divine . END
my father went as a missionary to china in a generation that responded to student volunteer movement speakers who held watches in their hands and announced to the students in their audiences how many chinese souls were going to hell each second because these students were not over there saving them . END
that mention of this should bring smiles to our lips today is as clear an indication as we could wish of the extent to which attitudes have changed . END
i do not mean to imply that christians have adopted the liberal assumption , so prevalent in UNK , that all religions are merely different paths to the same summit . END
UNK UNK reflects the dominant position within the world council of churches when he says , `` we must claim UNK and finality for christ and his finished work , but that very claim forbids us to claim UNK and finality for our understanding of it '' . END
UNK qualification on the christian claim is of considerable significance . END
the roman catholic church has excommunicated one of its priests , father UNK , for insisting that there is no salvation outside the visible church . END
in mentioning this under `` salvation UNK '' i do not mean to imply that roman catholic doctrine has changed in this area but rather that it has become clearer to the world community what that doctrine is . END
when they say that under no circumstances would it ever be right to `` permit '' the termination of the human race by human action , because there could not possibly be any proportionate grave reason to justify such a thing , they know exactly what they mean . END
of course , in UNK calculation , in balancing the good directly intended and done against the evil UNK and indirectly done , no greater precision can be forthcoming than the subject allows . END
yet it seems clear that there can be no good sufficiently great , or evil repelled sufficiently grave , to warrant the destruction of mankind by man's own action . END
i mean , however , that the moral theologian knows what he means by `` permit '' . END
he is not talking in the main about probabilities , risks and danger in general . END
he is talking about an action which just as UNK does an evil thing ( and is known certainly and UNK to lead to this evil result ) as it UNK does some good . END
he is talking about double effects , of which the specific action causes directly the one and indirectly the other , but causes both ; ; END
of which one is deliberately willed or intended and the other not intended or not directly intended , but still both are done , while the evil effect is , with equal consciousness on the part of the agent , UNK to be among the consequences . END
this is what , in a technical sense , to `` only permit '' an evil result means . END
it means to do it and to know one is doing it , but as only a secondary if certain effect of the good one primarily does and intends . END
of course , grave UNK may be imputed to the military action of any nation , or to the action of any leader or leaders , which for any supposed good `` permits '' , in this sense , the termination of the human race by human action . END
certainly , in analyzing an action which truly faced such alternatives , `` it is never possible that no world would be preferable to some worlds , and there are in truth no circumstances in which the destruction of human life presents itself as a reasonable alternative '' . END
naturally , where one or the other of the effects of an action is uncertain , this has to be taken into account . END
especially is this true when , because the good effect is remote and speculative while the evil is certain and grave , the action is prohibited . END
presumably , if the reverse is the case and the good effect is more certain than the evil result that may be forthcoming , not only must the good and the evil be UNK weighed and found proportionate , but also calculation of the probabilities and of the degree of certainty or uncertainty in the good or evil effect must be taken into account . END
there must not only be greater good than evil UNK in view , but also greater probability of actually doing more good than harm . END
if an evil which is certain and extensive and immediate may rarely be compensated for by a UNK , speculative , future good , by the same token not every present , certain , and immediate good ( or lesser evil ) that may have to be done will be outweighed by a UNK , speculative , and future evil . END
nevertheless , according to the traditional theory , a man begins in the midst of action and he UNK its nature and immediate consequences before or while putting it forth and causing these consequences . END
he does not expect to be able to UNK up all the future consequences of his action . END
above all , he does not debate mere contingencies , and therefore , if these are possibly dreadful , find himself forced into inaction . END
he does what he can and may and must , without regarding himself as lord of the future or , on the other hand , as covered with guilt by accident or UNK consequences or by results he did not `` permit '' in the sense explained . END
by contrast , a good deal of nuclear UNK begins with the contingencies and the probabilities , and not with the moral nature of the action to be done ; ; END
and by deriving legitimate decision backward from whatever may conceivably or possibly or probably result , whether by anyone's doing or by accident , it finds itself driven to inaction , to UNK action in politics and UNK action in military affairs , and to the not very surprising discovery that there are now no distinctions on which the defense of justice can possibly be based . END
mr. philip toynbee writes , for example , that `` in terms of probability it is surely as likely as not that mutual fear will lead to accidental war in the near future if the present situation continues . END
if it continues indefinitely it is nearly a statistical certainty that a mistake will be made and that the UNK will begin '' . END
against such a termination of human life on earth by human action , he then proposes as an alternative that we `` negotiate at once with the russians and get the best terms which are available '' , that we deliberately `` negotiate from comparative weakness '' . END
he bravely attempts to face this alternative realistically , i.e. , by considering the worst possible outcome , namely , the total domination of the world by russia within a few years . END
this would be by far the better choice , when `` it is a question of allowing the human race to survive , possibly under the domination of a regime which most of us UNK , or of allowing it to destroy itself in appalling and prolonged anguish '' . END
nevertheless , the consequence of the policy proposed is everywhere subtly qualified : it is `` a possible result , however UNK '' ; ; END
`` the worst , and least probable '' result ; ; END
`` if it didn't prevail mankind would still be given the opportunity of prevailing '' ; ; END
for `` surely anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . END
if we have not thought and made a decision entirely in these terms , then we need to submit ourselves to the following `` simple test '' : `` have we decided how we are to kill the other members of our household in the event of our being less injured than they are '' ? ? END
thus , moral decision must be entirely deduced backward from the likely UNK ; ; END
it is no longer to be formulated in terms of the nature of present action itself , its intention , and UNK effect or the thing to be done . END
several of the replies to mr. toynbee , without conscious resort to the traditional terminology with regard to the permission of evil , succeed in restoring the actual context in which present moral and political decisions must be made , by distinguishing between choosing a great evil and choosing in danger of this evil . END
`` it is worse for a nation to give in to evil than to run the risk of annihilation '' . END
`` i am consciously prepared to run the continued risk of ' race suicide by accident ' rather than accept the alternative certainty of race slavery by design . END
but i can only make this choice because i believe that the risk need not increase , but may be deliberately reduced '' ( by precautions against accidents or by limiting war ? ? END
) `` UNK mr. UNK phrase that anything would be better than a policy which led inevitably to nuclear war , he ( toynbee ) says that anything is better than a policy which allows for the possibility of nuclear war '' . END
`` if asked to choose between a terrible probability and a more terrible possibility , most men will choose the latter '' . END
`` if philip toynbee is claiming that the choice lies between UNK and the risk of nuclear war , i think he is right . END
i do not accept that the choice is between UNK and the certainty of nuclear war '' . END
even professor arnold toynbee , agreeing with his son , does so in these terms : `` compared to continuing to incur a constant risk of the destruction of the human race , all other evils are lesser evils . END
let us therefore put first things first , and make sure of preserving the human race at whatever the temporary price may be '' . END
mr. philip toynbee UNK at one point that if he shared the UNK of UNK in nineteen eighty-four , if he believed communism was not only evil but `` also UNK evil '' , then he might `` think it right to do anything rather than to take the risk of a communist world . END
even a nuclear holocaust is a little less frightful to contemplate than a race of UNK humans occupying the earth until UNK '' . END
no political order or economic system is so clearly contrary to nature . END
but one does not have to affirm the existence of an evil order UNK in that sense , or a static order in which no changes will take place in time , to be able truthfully to affirm the following fact : there has never been UNK UNK in social institutions and social relationships except in the context of some UNK preserved by clothed or naked force . END
on their way to the heavenly city the children of god make use of the UNK of the earthly city and acknowledge their share in responsibility for its preservation . END
not to repel injury and uphold and improve UNK means not simply to accept the UNK order and injustice that challenges it at the moment , but also to start down the steep slope along which justice can find no place UNK to stand . END
toynbee seems to think that there is some other way to give justice social embodiment . END
`` i would far rather die after a russian occupation of this country -- by some deliberate act of refusal -- than die UNK by UNK '' . END
would such an act of refusal be useful ? ? END
he does not mean , in fact he addresses himself specifically to reject the proposition , that `` if we took the risk of surrendering , a new generation in britain would soon begin to UNK its strength in secret in order to reverse the consequences of that surrender '' . END
he wants to be `` UNK frank and say that these UNK would be hopeless -- far , far more hopeless than was the hungarian revolution of 1956 '' . END
this is not a project for UNK the ground for limited war , by creating a monopoly in one power of the world's UNK of unlimited weapons . END
it is a proposal that justice now be served by means other than those that have ever UNK the search for it , or UNK more positive means for attaining it , in the past . END
`` it is no good recommending surrender rather than nuclear warfare with the UNK that surrender could be followed by the effective military resistance by occupied peoples . END
hope for the future would lie in the natural longing of the human race for freedom and the right to develop '' . END
this is to surrender in advance to whatever attack may yet be mounted , to the very last ; ; END
it is to stride along the steep slope downward . END
the only contrary action , in the future as in the past , runs the risk of war ; ; END
and , now and in the future unlike in the past , any attempt to repel injury and to preserve any particular civilized attainment of mankind or its provisional justice runs some risk of nuclear warfare and the danger that an effect of it will , by human action , render this planet less UNK by the human race . END
that is why it is so very important that ethical analysis keep clear the problem of decision as to `` permitted '' effects , and not draw back in UNK from any conceivable UNK or suffer paralysis of action before possibilities or probabilities unrelated , or not directly morally related , to what we can and may and must do as long as human history UNK . END
finally , just as no different issues are posed for thoughtful analysis by the UNK of time that may yet pass before the end of human life on this earth , but only stimulation and alarm to the imagination , the same thing must be said in connection with the question of what we may perhaps already be doing , by human action , to accelerate this end . END
we should not allow the image of an UNK end brought about indirectly by our own action in the continuing human struggle for a just UNK order of existence to blind us to the fact that in some measure accelerating the end of our lease may be one consequence among others of many other of mankind's thrusts toward we know not what future . END
much more than shelter , housing UNK social status , a sense of `` belonging '' , acceptance within a given group or neighborhood , identification with particular cultural values and social institutions , feelings of pride and worth , aspirations and hopes basic to human well-being . END
for almost UNK of the national population discrimination in the free selection of residence casts a considerable shadow upon these values assumed as self-evident by most americans . END
few business groups in recent years have come under heavier pressure to face these realities than real estate brokers and home builders . END
this pressure has urged UNK of the assumptions underlying their professional ethics ; ; END
it has sought new sympathy for the human aspirations of racial minority groups in this country . END
it is not surprising that , as spokesman for real estate interests , the national association of real estate boards ( UNK ) and its local associations have sought to limit and often ignore much of this pressure . END
how does the local realtor see himself in the context of housing restrictions based on race , religion or ethnic attachment ? ? END
what does he conceive his role to be in this area of social unrest ? ? END
what ought to be , what is his potential role as a force for constructive social change ? ? END
what social , ethical and theological insights can the church and university help him bring to bear upon his situation ? ? END
recently , a group of the faculty at UNK university's public affairs center sought some answers to these questions . END
several new england realtors were invited to participate in a small UNK of property lawyers , political scientists , economists , social psychologists , social UNK and theologians . END
here , in an atmosphere of UNK and mutual criticism , each sought to bring his particular insights to bear upon the question of discrimination in housing and the part each man present played in it . END
for a number of years , UNK has been drawing varied groups of political and business leaders into these informal discussions with members of the faculty and student body , attempting to explore and clarify aspects of their responsibility for public policy . END
this article presents our observations of that session , of the realtors as they saw themselves and as the faculty and students saw them . END
such conversation quickly reveals an UNK significant ambivalence in the UNK held by most realtors . END
within the membership of this group , as has been found true of men in other professional or trade associations , the most ready portrayal of oneself to `` the public '' is that of a neutral agent simply serving the interests of a seller or UNK and UNK between them . END
professional responsibility is seen to consist largely in serving the wishes of the client fairly and in an efficient manner . END
but as conversation goes on , particularly among the realtors themselves , another image emerges , that of considerable power and influence in the community . END
obviously , much more than customer expectation is determining the UNK role . END
judgments are continually rendered regarding the potential UNK income , educational level and above all , racial extraction ; ; END
and whether these would qualify them for `` congenial '' , `` happy '' relations to other people in certain community areas . END
how explicit such factors have been historically is evident in any chronology of restrictive UNK cases or in a review of UNK code of ethics article 34 in the code , adopted in 1924 , states that `` a realtor should never be instrumental in introducing into a neighborhood a character of property or occupancy , members of any race or UNK or any individuals whose presence will clearly be detrimental to property values in that neighborhood '' . END
though the reference to race was stricken by the association in 1950 , being an agent of such `` detrimental '' influences still appears as the cardinal sin realtors see themselves committed to avoid . END
the rationale for this avoidance was most frequently expressed in economic terms ; ; END
all feared the supposed UNK they believed would inevitably attach to any realtor who openly introduced UNK , particularly negro , peoples into all-white , restricted areas . END
they would become tagged as men not interested in being purely real estate `` professionals '' but UNK for some kind of `` cause '' or `` reform '' , and this was no longer to be a `` pro '' . END
obviously what we are confronted with here is the identification of `` professional '' with narrow skills and specialization , the effective servicing of a client , rather than responsiveness to the wider and deeper meaning and associations of one's work . END
these men -- for the most part educated in our `` best '' new england colleges , well established financially and socially in the community -- under kindly but insistent probing , reveal little or no objective or explicit criteria or data for their generalizations about the interests and attitudes of the people they claim to serve , or about the public responses that actually follow their occasional breach of a `` UNK relationship '' . END
this narrow `` UNK '' does not even fit the present realities of their situation , as the pressure of minorities and the power and respectability of the realtors increase . END
as our discussion continued , the UNK of the `` client relationship '' as an interpretation of their `` way of operating '' became evident . END
realtors live in their communities as specialists in a given area of work , as members of social and professional organizations , as citizens and civic leaders , as church laymen , as university alumni , as newspaper readers , etc. . END
from such communal roles the realtor finds the substance that shapes his moral understanding . END
it seems to us that choices exercised by realtors in moral situations center in at least three areas : ( 1 ) the various ways in which they interpret a particular social issue ; ; END
( 2 ) their pattern of involvement in the regular legal and political processes ; ; END
and , most UNK , ( 3 ) their interpretation of who is a `` real pro '' , of what it means to be a professional man in a technical , UNK society . END
( 1 ) most of the realtors minimized their own understanding of and role in the racial issue , pleading that they only reflect the attitudes and intentions of their society . END
there is some reality to this ; ; END
the commission on race and housing concluded that `` there is no reason to believe that real estate men are either more or less UNK prejudiced , on the whole , than any other segment of the american population '' . END
but such a reaction UNK the powerful efforts made in the past by both UNK and its local boards for the maintenance of restrictive clauses and practices . END
also , it does not recognize the elements of choice and judgment continually employed . END
like business and university groups generally , these men had very limited knowledge of recent sociological and psychological studies and findings that might UNK the decisions they make . END
realtors , both generally and in this group , have invariably equated residential integration with a decline in property values , a circumstance viewed with considerable apprehension . END
recent studies by the commission on race and housing and others , however , point to a vast complex of factors that often do not warrant this conclusion . END
there are increasing numbers of neighborhoods that are integrated UNK without great loss of property values , the white population having taken the initiative in preparing the areas for an appreciation of the UNK desire for well-kept housing , privacy , etc. . END
data on the decline of property values in an area after a new racial group enters it has to be assessed in terms of the trends in property values before the group comes in . END
often they are able to get in only because the area is declining economically . END
significantly , no realtor and few of the faculty present were familiar with any of the six volumes ( published by the university of california press ) that present the UNK findings . END
no one UNK any radical shift in this situation , but questions concerning reading habits , the availability of such data and the places where it is discussed must surely be raised . END
the role of both church and university as sources of information and settings within which the implications of such information may be explored needs consideration . END
relevant `` facts '' , however , extend beyond considerations of property values and maintenance of `` harmonious '' neighborhoods . END
discussion of minority housing necessarily involves such basic issues as the intensity of one's democratic conviction and religious belief concerning equality of opportunity , the function and limitations of government in the securing of such equality , and the spotlight that world opinion plays upon local incidents of racial agitation and strife . END
`` against the grain of creation '' END
( 2 ) realtors realize , of course , that they are involved in an increasingly complex legal and political system that is opening up opportunities for UNK on their relation to clients as well as opportunities for UNK of their responsibility for racial discrimination in housing . END
on the positive side , recent federal action has largely UNK the legal sanction so long enjoyed by the UNK position ; ; END
UNK statutes in housing have now been adopted by thirteen states and , while specific provisions have varied , the tendency is clearly toward expanding coverage . END
realtors in attendance at the UNK expressed interest , for example , in UNK new housing law as setting standards of equity that they would like `` to have to obey '' , but in support of which none had been willing to go on public record . END
as far as they were aware , the connecticut association of real estate boards had not officially opposed the bill's passage or UNK in its support . END
( this has not been the case everywhere . END
in 1957 , the real estate boards of new york city actively opposed the then pending private housing UNK law . END
official reasoning : the bill was a `` UNK invasion of basic property rights '' . END
there are sins of UNK as well as commission ; ; END
the attitude adopted by realtors and their associations , either negative or positive , plays a large part in the public acceptance of such measures and the degree to which they may be effectively enforced . END
judicial opinion since the supreme court decision on shelley v. UNK ( 1948 ) has rendered racial restrictive UNK UNK . END
such a decision should have placed a powerful weapon in the hands of the entire housing industry , but there is little evidence that realtors , or at least their associations , have UNK the principle in such clauses . END
in the states that have passed laws preventing discrimination in the sale or rental of housing , support by real estate associations for compliance and broadened coverage through additional legislation could help remove the label of `` social UNK '' that most realtors individually seem determined to avoid . END
but as yet , no real estate board has been willing officially to support such laws or to admit the UNK of introducing minority buyers into all-white neighborhoods . END
one of the roles of the social scientist , UNK or theologian in our discussions with the realtors became that of encouraging greater awareness of the opportunities offered by the legal and political processes for the exercise of broad social responsibilities in their work . END
but responsiveness to these opportunities UNK that all of us judge the good as a human good and not simply as a professional , white , american good . END
such judgments are meaningful only in so far as persons are members of a world , let us say a community , that embraces UNK or UNK , but is also UNK richer since it is UNK . END
that community of all creation is , then , the ultimate object of our loyalty and the concrete norm of all moral judgment . END
racial discrimination is wrong , then , not because it goes against the grain of a faculty member trying to converse with a few realtors but because it goes against the grain of creation and against the will of the creator . END
thus , moral issues concerning the nature of the legal and political processes take on theological dimensions . END
( 3 ) over the years , individuals engaged in the sale of real estate have developed remarkable unity in the methods and practices employed . END
most realtors and real estate brokers talk of themselves as `` professional people '' with the cultural and moral values held by the traditional professions . END
but what significance UNK to `` professional '' , beyond the narrow sense of UNK in meeting a client's stated needs as already noted ? ? END
our faculty and students pressed this issue more than any other . END
as a theologian in the group pointed out , a professional was , before the modern period of technical specialization , one who `` professed '' to be a bearer and critic of his culture in the use of his particular skills . END
if we look about the world today , we can see clearly that there are two especially significant factors shaping the future of our civilization : science and religion . END
science is placing in our hands the ultimate power of the universe , the power of the atom . END
religion , or the lack of it , will decide whether we use this power to build a brave new world of peace and abundance for all mankind , or whether we misuse this power to leave a world utterly destroyed . END
how can we have the wisdom to meet such a new and difficult challenge ? ? END
we may feel pessimistic at the outlook . END
and yet there is a note of hope , because this same science that is giving us the power of the atom is also giving us atomic vision . END
we are looking inside the atom and seeing there a universe which is not material but something beyond the material , a universe that in a word is not matter but music . END
and it is in this new vision of the atom that we find an affirmation and an UNK of our faith . END
to see this vision in perspective , we need first of all a clear idea of the magnitude of this new power from the atom . END
you know that i could hold right here in my hand the little UNK of uranium metal that was the heart of the bomb that dropped on hiroshima . END
it was only about the size of a baseball ; ; END
but packed in that metallic ball there was the explosive force of 20,000 tons of aj . END
that is enough tnt to fill the tower of the empire state building ; ; END
and with the availability of bombs of that size , war became a new problem . END
now we might have restricted the use of uranium bombs by controlling the sources of uranium because it is found in only a few places in the world . END
but we had hardly started to adjust our thinking to this new uranium weapon when we were faced with the hydrogen bomb . END
hydrogen is just as plentiful as uranium is scarce . END
we know that we have hydrogen in water ; ; END
water is af and the h stands for hydrogen ; ; END
there is also hydrogen in wood and hydrogen in our bodies . END
i have calculated that if i could snap my fingers in one magic gesture to release the power of all the hydrogen in my body , i would explode with the force of a hundred bombs of the kind that fell on hiroshima . END
i won't try the experiment , but i think you can see that if we all knew the secret and we could all let ourselves go , there would be quite an explosion . END
and then think how little hydrogen we have in us compared with the hydrogen in delaware bay or in the ocean beyond . END
salt water is still af , the same hydrogen is there . END
and the size of the ocean shows us the magnitude of the destructive power we hold in our hands today . END
of course , there is also an optimistic side to the picture . END
for if i knew the secret of letting this power in my body change directly into electricity , i could rent myself out to the electric companies and with just the power in my body i could light all the lights and run all the factories in the entire united states for some days . END
and think , if we all knew this secret and we could pool our power , what a wonderful public utility company we would make . END
with just the hydrogen of our bodies , we could run the world for years . END
then think of delaware bay and the ocean and you see that we have a supply of power for millions of years to come . END
it is power with which we can literally rebuild the world , provide adequate housing , food , education , abundant living for everyone everywhere . END
now let us see where this power comes from . END
to grasp our new view of the atom , we have to appreciate first of all how small the atom is . END
i have been trying to make this clear to my own class in chemistry . END
one night there were some dried peas lying on our kitchen table , and these peas looked to me like a little group of atoms ; ; END
and i asked myself a question : suppose i had the same number of peas as there are atoms in my body , how large an area would they cover ? ? END
i calculated first that there are about an UNK atoms in the average human body ; ; END
that is a figure one with 27 UNK , quite a large number . END
then i calculated that a million peas would just about fill a household refrigerator ; ; END
a billion peas would fill a small house from cellar to attic ; ; END
a UNK peas would fill all the houses in a town of about ten thousand people ; ; END
and a UNK peas would fill all the buildings in the city of philadelphia . END
i saw that i would soon run out of buildings at this rate , so i decided to take another measure -- the whole state of pennsylvania . END
imagine that there is a blizzard over pennsylvania , but instead of snowing snow , it snows peas ; ; END
so we get the whole state covered with peas , about four feet deep . END
you can imagine what it would look like going out on the turnpike with the peas banked up against the houses and covering the cars ; ; END
pennsylvania thus UNK would contain about a UNK peas . END
but we still have a long way to go . END
next we imagine our blizzard UNK over all the land areas of the entire globe -- north america , south america , europe , asia , and africa , all covered with peas four feet deep ; ; END
then we have UNK peas . END
next we freeze over the UNK and cover the whole earth with peas , then we go out among the neighboring stars , collect 250 planets each the size of the earth , and also cover each of these with peas four feet deep ; ; END
and then we have UNK . END
finally we go into the UNK reaches of the UNK way ; ; END
we get 250,000 planets ; ; END
we cover each of these with our blanket of peas and then at last we have UNK peas corresponding in number to the atoms in the body . END
so you see how small an atom is and how complicated you are . END
a speck -- and space END
now although an atom is small , we can still in imagination have a look at it . END
let us focus on an atom of calcium from the tip of the bone of my finger and let us suppose that i swallow a magic alice in UNK growing pill . END
i start growing rapidly and this calcium atom grows along with me . END
i shoot up through the roof , into the sky , past the clouds , through the UNK , out beyond the moon , out among the planets , until i am over a hundred and fifty million miles long . END
then this atom of calcium will swell to something like a great balloon a hundred yards across , a balloon big enough to put a football field inside . END
and if you should step inside of such a magnified atom , according to the physics of forty years ago , you would see circulating over your head , down at the sides , and under your feet , some twenty luminous balls about the size of UNK . END
these balls are moving in great circles and UNK , and are of course , the electrons , the particles of negative electricity which by their action create the forces that tie this atom of calcium to the neighboring atoms of oxygen and make up the solid structure of my finger bone . END
since these electrons are moving like planets , you may wonder whether there is an atomic sun at the center of the atom . END
so you look down there and you see a tiny , whirling point about the size of the head of a pin . END
this is the atomic sun , the atomic nucleus . END
even if the atom were big enough to hold a football field , this nucleus is still only about the size of a UNK . END
it is this atomic nucleus that contains the positive charge of electricity holding these UNK charged electrons in their orbits ; ; END
it also contains nearly all the mass , and the atomic energy . END
you may ask what else there is , and the answer is nothing -- nothing but empty space . END
and since you are made of atoms , you are nothing much but empty space , too . END
if i could put your body in an imaginary atomic press and squeeze you down , squeeze these holes out of you in the way we squeeze the holes out of a sponge , you would get smaller and smaller until finally when the last hole was gone , you would be smaller than the smallest speck of dust that you could see on this piece of paper . END
someone has remarked that this is certainly the ultimate in reducing . END
at any rate , it shows us how UNK we are . END
now this 1920 view of the atom was on the whole a discouraging picture . END
for we believed that the electrons obeyed the law of mechanics and UNK ; ; END
and therefore the atom was really just a little machine ; ; END
and in mechanics the whole is no more than the sum of the parts . END
so if you are made of atoms , you are just a big machine ; ; END
and since the universe is also made of atoms , it is just a UNK . END
and this would mean that we live in a UNK universe , governed by the laws of cause and effect , bound in chains of UNK that hold the universe on a completely UNK course in which there is not room for soul or spirit or human freedom . END
and this is why so many scientists a half a century ago were UNK or UNK . END
then came the scientific revolution in the late 1920's . END
a suggestion from louis de UNK , a physicist in france , showed us that these electrons are not point particles but waves . END
and to see the meaning of this new picture , imagine that you can put on more powerful glasses and go back inside the atom and have a look at it in the way we view it today . END
now as you step inside , instead of seeing particles UNK around like planets , you see waves and ripples very much like the ripples that you get on the surface of a pond when you drop a stone into it . END
these ripples spread out in UNK patterns like the rose windows of a great cathedral . END
and as the waves flow back and forth and merge with the waves from the neighboring atoms , you can put on a magic hearing aid and you hear music . END
it is a music like the music from a great organ or a vast orchestra playing a symphony . END
harmony , melody , counterpoint symphonic structure are there ; ; END
and as this music UNK and flows , there is an UNK chorus from all the atoms outside , in fact from the atoms of the entire universe . END
and so today when we examine the structure of our knowledge of the atom and of the universe , we are forced to conclude that the best word to describe our universe is music . END
the island of nantucket , part of the state of massachusetts , lies about UNK miles southeast of its mother state . END
some of the island is sand and is not suitable for living . END
the island folk have their living almost entirely from summer visitors ; ; END
the rest is obtained from harbor UNK . END
during about three and a half months of the year , in the summer , there are three boats that run from the mainland to the island carrying passengers , food , and cars ; ; END
but the rest of the year only one boat is needed , which ties up at the mainland nights and makes the trip down to nantucket in the daytime . END
this is a fine trip , too , on a good day . END
with UNK UNK on one side and the open sea on the other , it makes an excellent trip of about three hours . END
to what extent and in what ways did christianity affect the united states of america in the nineteenth century ? ? END
how far and in what fashion did it modify the new nation which was emerging in the midst of the forces shaping the revolutionary age ? ? END
to what extent did it UNK the morals and the social , economic , and political life and institutions of the country ? ? END
a complete picture is impossible -- partly because of the limitations of space , partly because for millions of individuals who professed allegiance to the christian faith data are UNK . END
even more of an obstacle is the difficulty of separating the influence of christianity from other factors . END
although a complete picture cannot be given , we can indicate some aspects of life into which the christian faith entered as at least one creative factor . END
at times we can say that it was the major factor . END
what in some ways was the most important aspect was the impact individually on the millions who constituted the nation . END
as we have seen , a growing proportion , although in 1914 still a minority , were members of churches . END
presumably those who did not have a formal church UNK had also felt the influence of christianity to a greater or lesser extent . END
many of them had once been members of a church or at least had been given instruction in christianity but for one or another reason had allowed the UNK to lapse . END
the form of christianity to which they were exposed was for some the protestantism of the older stock , for others the protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration ; ; END
for still others , mostly of the nineteenth-century immigration , it was roman catholicism , and for a small minority it was eastern UNK . END
upon all of them played the intellectual , social , political , and economic attitudes , institutions , and customs of the nation . END
upon most of these christianity had left an impress and through them had had a share in making the individual what he was . END
yet to determine precisely to what extent and exactly in what ways any individual showed the effects of christianity would be impossible . END
at best only an approximation could be arrived at . END
to generalize for the entire nation would be absurd . END
for instance , we cannot know whether even for church members the degree of conformity to christian standards of morality increased or declined as the proportion of church members in the population rose . END
the temptation is to say that , as the percentage of church members mounted , the degree of discipline exercised by the churches lessened and the trend was towards conformity to the general level . END
yet this cannot be proved . END
we know that in the early part of the century many protestant congregations took positive action against members who UNK the ethical codes to which the majority UNK . END
thus baptist churches on the frontier took UNK of charges against their members of drunkenness , fighting , UNK gossip , lying , UNK , sexual irregularities , gambling , horse racing , and failure to pay just debts . END
if guilty , the UNK might be excluded from membership . END
as church membership UNK , such measures faded into UNK . END
but whether this was accompanied by a general lowering of the moral life of the membership we do not know . END
what we can attempt with some hope of dependable conclusions is to point out the manner in which christianity entered into particular aspects of the life of the nation . END
we have already hinted at the fashion in which christianity contributed to education and so to intellectual life . END
we will now speak of the ways in which it helped shape the ideals of the country and of the manner in which it stimulated efforts to attain those ideals through reform movements , through UNK for bringing the collective life to the nation to conformity to christian standards , and through leaders in the government . END
throughout the nineteenth century christianity exerted its influence on american society as a whole primarily through the protestantism of the older stock . END
by the end of the century the roman catholic church was beginning to make itself felt , mainly through such institutions as hospitals but also through its attitude towards organized labour . END
in the twentieth century its influence grew , as did that of the protestantism of the nineteenth-century immigration . END
the ideals of the country were deeply indebted to the protestantism of the older stock . END
thus `` america '' , the most widely sung of the patriotic songs , was written by a new england baptist clergyman , samuel francis smith ( UNK ) , while a student in UNK theological seminary . END
with its zeal for liberty and its dependence on god it breathed the spirit which had been nourished on the evangelical revivals . END
the great seal of the united states was obviously inspired by the christian faith . END
here was what was called the american dream , namely , the effort to build a structure which would be something new in history and to do so in such fashion that god could bless it . END
later in the century the dream again found expression in the lines of katherine lee bates ( UNK ) , daughter and UNK of new england congregational ministers , in her widely sung hymn , written in UNK , `` america the beautiful '' , with the words `` o beautiful for pilgrim feet whose stern impassioned stress a UNK for freedom beat across the wilderness . END
america , america , god UNK thy every UNK , confirm thy soul in self control , the liberty in law . END
o beautiful for patriot dream that sees beyond the years UNK UNK cities gleam UNK by human tears . END
america , america , god shed his grace on thee , and crown thy good with brotherhood from sea to shining sea '' . END
the american dream was compounded of many strains . END
some were clearly of christian origin , among them the great awakening and other revivals which helped to make christian liberty , christian equality , and christian fraternity the passion of the land . END
some have seen UNK and the search for christian perfection as the UNK of the american hope . END
here , too , must be placed UNK and , less obviously from christian inspiration , emerson , UNK , and the UNK of walt UNK . END
we must also remember those who reacted against the dream as a kind of myth -- among them UNK , hawthorne , and henry james the elder , all of them out of a christian background . END
with such a dream arising , at least in part , from the protestant heritage of the united states and built into the foundations of the nation , it is not surprising that many efforts were made to give it concrete expression . END
a number were in the nature of movements to relieve or remove social ills . END
significantly , the initiation and leadership of a major proportion of the reform movements , especially those in the first half of the nineteenth century , came from men and women of new england birth or UNK and from either UNK or unitarian UNK . END
several of the movements were given a marked impetus by UNK . END
quakers , some from new england , had a larger share than their proportionate numerical strength would have UNK . END
we do well to remind ourselves that from men and women of new england ancestry also issued the church of jesus christ of latter day saints , the seventh day UNK , christian science , the american board of commissioners for foreign missions , the american home missionary society , the american bible society , and new england theology . END
the atmosphere was one of optimism , of confidence in human progress , and of a determination to rid the world of its ills . END
the UNK universal disinterested benevolence , although holding to original sin and the doctrine of election , inspired its adherents to heroic UNK for others , looked for the early coming of the millennium , and was paralleled by the confidence in man's ability cherished by the UNK , emerson , and the UNK . END
we should recall the number of movements for the service of mankind which arose from the UNK UNK of the british isles and the UNK of the continent of europe -- among them prison reform , anti-slavery measures , legislation for the UNK of conditions of labour , the inner mission , and the red cross . END
we cannot take the space to record all the efforts for the removal or UNK of collective ills . END
a few of the more prominent must serve as examples of what a complete listing and description would disclose . END
several were born in the early decades and persisted throughout the century . END
some disappeared with the attainment of their purpose . END
still others sprang up late in the century to meet conditions which arose from fresh stages of the revolutionary age . END
the movement to end negro slavery began before 1815 and mounted after that year until , as a result of the civil war , emancipation was achieved . END
long before 1815 the christian conscience was leading some to declare slavery wrong and to act accordingly . END
for example , in UNK the philadelphia yearly meeting of friends declared that its members should UNK their slaves and in 1776 it determined to exclude from membership all who did not comply . END
in the latter year samuel hopkins , from whom the UNK strain of new england theology took its name , asked the continental congress to abolish slavery . END
as we have seen , UNK early took a stand against slavery . END
beginning at least as far back as UNK various baptist bodies condemned slavery . END
after 1815 anti-slavery sentiment mounted , chiefly among protestants and those of protestant background of the older stock . END
the nineteenth-century immigration , whether protestant or roman catholic , was not so much concerned , for very few if any among them held slaves : they were mostly in the northern states where slavery had disappeared or was on the way out , or were too UNK to own slaves . END
the anti-slavery movement took many forms . END
benjamin UNK ( UNK ) , a quaker , was a pioneer in preparing the way for anti-slavery societies . END
it was he who turned the attention of william lloyd garrison ( UNK ) to the subject . END
garrison , massachusetts born of UNK UNK UNK , was by temperament and conviction a UNK . END
chiefly remembered because of his incessant UNK of `` immediate and unconditional abolition '' , he also UNK a great variety of other causes -- among them women's rights , prohibition , and justice to the indians . END
UNK optimistic , dogmatic , and utterly fearless , in his youth a devout baptist , in spite of his friendship for the quaker poet john UNK UNK ( UNK ) he eventually attacked the orthodox churches for what he deemed their UNK compromising on the slavery issue and in his invariably ardent manner was UNK unorthodox and denied the plenary inspiration of the bible . END
a marked impulse came to the anti-slavery movement through the UNK revivals . END
UNK himself , while opposed to slavery , placed his chief emphasis on evangelism , but from his converts issued much of the leadership of the anti-slavery campaign . END
theodore dwight weld ( UNK ) was especially active . END
weld was the son and grandson of new england congregational ministers . END
as a youth he became one of UNK band of UNK and gave himself to winning young men . END
a strong UNK advocate , through the influence of a favorite teacher , charles stewart , another UNK convert , he devoted himself to the anti-slavery cause . END
a group of young men influenced by him enrolled in lane theological seminary and had to leave because of their open anti-slavery position . END
the majority then went to the infant UNK . END
they and others employed some of UNK techniques as they sought to win adherents to the cause . END
weld contributed to the anti-slavery convictions of such men as joshua r. UNK and edwin m. stanton , enlisted john quincy adams , and helped provide ideas which UNK harriet UNK UNK uncle tom's cabin . END
he UNK publicity for himself and sought to avoid fame . END
wendell phillips ( UNK ) , from a prominent massachusetts family , in his teens was converted under the preaching of UNK UNK . END
although he later broke with the churches because he believed that they were UNK outspoken against social evils , he remained a devout christian . END
he was remembered chiefly for his fearless UNK of abolition , but he also stood for equal rights for women , for opportunity for the UNK , and for prohibition . END
the anti-slavery movement and other contemporary reforms and UNK were given leadership and financial UNK by arthur UNK ( UNK ) and his younger brother , lewis UNK ( UNK ) . END
individuals possessing unusual gifts and great personal power were transmuted at death into awesome spirits ; ; END
they were almost immediately UNK for these newer , even more terrible abilities . END
their direct descendants inherited not only their worldly fortunes , but also the mandate of their UNK power as spirits in the other half of the universe . END
royal UNK could be based on extraordinary worldly achievements translated into eternal UNK power . END
thus , the emperor could draw on sources not available to those with less UNK ancestors . END
but this eminence was not without its weighty responsibilities . END
since he possessed more power in an interdependent universe of living beings and dead spirits , the emperor had to use it for the benefit of the living . END
the royal ritual generated power into the other world : it also provided the living with a way to control the spirits , and bring their powers directly to bear on the everyday affairs of the world . END
proper ritual observance at any level of society was capable of generating power for use in the spirit world ; ; END
but naturally , the royal ritual , which provided unusual control over already supremely powerful divine spirits , was held responsible for regulating the universe and insuring the welfare of the kingdom . END
this is the familiar system of `` cosmic government '' . END
the chinese emperor , by proper observance of ritual , manifested divine powers . END
he regulated the UNK of light and darkness , yang and yin , which are locked in eternal struggle . END
by UNK the balance between them , he effected the UNK of the seasons . END
his power was so great that he even promoted and UNK gods according to whether they had given ear or been deaf to petitions . END
in this system , no man is exempt from obligations . END
failure in daily moral and ethical duties to one's family , UNK to community propriety , any departure from rigid standards of moral excellence were offenses against the dead . END
and to offend the dead meant to incur their wrath , and thus UNK the UNK of UNK disasters . END
the family home was , in fact , a temple ; ; END
and the daily duties of individuals were basically religious in nature . END
the dead spirits occupied a prominent place in every hope and in every fear . END
the common belief was that there existed one moral order , which included everything . END
the dead controlled the material prosperity of the living , and the living adhered to strict codes of conduct in order not to weaken that control . END
men believed they could control nature by UNK a moral code . END
if the moral code were UNK , the proper balance of the universe would be upset , and the disastrous result could be floods , plague , or UNK . END
modern UNK have difficulty UNK this fusion of moral and material , largely because in the west the historical trend has been to deny the connection . END
living in urban conditions , away from the UNK of village UNK and the UNK of a UNK world view , the individual may find it possible , say , to commit UNK not only without personal misgivings , but also without suffering any adverse effects in his worldly fortunes . END
basing action on the empirical determination of cause and effect provides a toughness and bravado that no powerful UNK ancestor could ever impart -- plus the added liberation from the UNK of silent burial UNK . END
in china , the magical system par excellence was taoism . END
the UNK were UNK UNK , who saw an UNK unity -- the tao -- underlying all phenomena . END
it was this UNK unity that was all-important , and not its temporary manifestations in the world of reality . END
the UNK believed the unity could be influenced by proper magical manipulation ; ; END
in other words , they were actually an organization of UNK . END
mahayana buddhism was no exception to these prevailing magical concepts . END
after this form of indian buddhism had been introduced into china , it UNK extensive changes . END
during its flowering in the sixth to the eighth centuries , mahayana offered a supernatural package to the chinese which bears no resemblance to the highly UNK philosophical zen UNK offered to the modern western reader . END
mahayana had gods , and magic , a pantheon , heavens and UNK , and UNK UNK priests , monks , and nuns , all of whom UNK power over souls in the other world . END
the UNK mahayana saint possessed UNK powers and magic . END
the mahayana that developed in the north was a religion of UNK and coarse magic , that made the world into a huge magical garden . END
in its monastic form , mahayana was merely an organization of UNK monks ( UNK ) , who UNK to the chinese faith in the supernatural . END
UNK UNK was a secular , rational philosophy , but even with this different orientation it could not escape from the ethos of a cosmic government . END
UNK had its own magic in the idea that virtue had power . END
if a man lived a classical life , he need not fear the spirits -- for only lack of virtue gave the spirits power over him . END
but let us not be mistaken about UNK `` virtue '' ; ; END
this was not virtue as we understand the word today , and it did not mean an abandonment of the belief in magic manipulation . END
to the UNK , `` virtue '' simply meant mastery and correct observance of three hundred major rules of ritual and three thousand minor ones . END
propriety was synonymous with ritual observance , the mark of a true gentleman . END
to live correctly in an interdependent moral and material universe of living and dead was decisive for man's fate . END
this , in brief , was the historical background out of which zen emerged . END
promoters of zen to the west record its ancestry , and recognize that zen grew out of a combination of taoism and indian mahayana buddhism . END
but the `` marvelous person '' that is supposed to result from zen exhibits more chinese UNK than indian UNK -- he possesses magical powers , and can use them to order nature and to UNK souls . END
proponents of zen to the west emphasize UNK the amount of mahayana buddhism in zen , probably in order to UNK the UNK magical UNK ideas with more respectable buddhist UNK . END
but in the chinese mind , there was little difference between the two -- the UNK were no more metaphysical than a magician has to be . END
actually , zen owes more to chinese UNK than it does to mahayana buddhism . END
the UNK ( zen ) UNK may have derived its UNK from mahayana , but its psychology was pure early UNK . END
this is well evidenced by the UNK doctrines carried over in zen : the idea of the inward turning of thought , the UNK to put aside desires and UNK so that a return to purity , peace , and stillness -- a union with the infinite , with the tao -- could be effected . END
in fact , the antipathy to outward ceremonies hailed by modern UNK as so uniquely characteristic of the `` direct thinking '' UNK was a feature of taoism . END
so , too , was the insistence on the UNK of the external world , and the ideas that language and things perceived by consciousness were poor substitutes indeed for immediate perception by pure , UNK spirit : the opposition of pure consciousness to UNK consciousness . END
zen maintains that UNK things are only the surface of experience . END
one of its features attractive to the west is its UNK for tradition and dogma and for sacred texts . END
one UNK is supposed to have relegated sacred scriptures for use in an UNK . END
but this is not the spirit of UNK freedom of action for which the UNK mistakes it . END
it is simply that in UNK tradition -- as in all good UNK -- books , words , or any other manifestations that belong to the normal state of consciousness are considered only the surface of experience . END
the truth -- the eternal truth -- is not UNK by words . END
reality is considered not only irrelevant to the acquisition of higher knowledge , but a positive handicap . END
the technique of reality confusion -- the use of paradox and UNK to shake the mind's grip on reality -- originated with fourth and third century b.c. chinese UNK : the UNK is not basically a new device . END
it is important for an understanding of zen to realize that the esoteric UNK of the select few cannot be the doctrine of the common man . END
in the supernatural atmosphere of cosmic government , only the ruling elite was ever concerned with a UNK ordering of nature : popular religion aimed at more personal benefits from magical powers . END
and this is only natural -- witness the haste with which modern man UNK the latest `` wonder drug '' . END
early chinese UNK was theoretically aimed at a UNK UNK union with the divine , personal salvation being achieved when the mystical UNK united with divine essence . END
but this esoteric doctrine was lost in the UNK to acquire special powers . END
the UNK strove , in fact , to UNK influence the world of spirits in the same way that the divine emperor manifested his power . END
thus , the mahayana UNK of mystical union for salvation was distilled down to a bare UNK , and for this reason , the UNK in asia did not long remain in isolated contemplation . END
as the zen literature reveals , as soon as an early zen master attained fame in UNK , he was called out into the world to exercise his powers . END
the early UNK masters attracted disciples because of their presumed ability to perform miracles . END
UNK of zen often insist that very early zen doctrine opposed the rampant UNK of china , and proposed instead a more mature , less UNK view of the universe . END
in support of this , stories from the early literature are cited to show that zen attacks the idea of supernatural power . END
but actually these accounts reveal the supernatural powers that the masters were in fact supposed to possess , as well as the extreme degree of popular UNK : `` hwang pah ( o UNK ) , one day going up mount UNK UNK which was believed to have been inhabited by UNK with supernatural powers , met with a monk whose eyes UNK strange light . END
they went along the pass talking with each other for a short while until they came to a river roaring with torrent . END
there being no bridge , the master had to stop at the shore ; ; END
but his companion crossed the river walking on the water and beckoned to hwang pah to follow him . END
thereupon hwang pah said : `` if i knew thou art an UNK , i would have doubled you up before thou got over there '' ! ! END
the monk then understood the spiritual attainment of hwang pah , and praised him as a true UNK . END
a second tale shows still more clearly the kind of powers a truly spiritual monk could possess : `` on one occasion yang UNK ( UNK ) saw a stranger monk flying through the air . END
when that monk came down and approached him with a respectful UNK , he asked : `` where art thou from '' ? ? END
`` early this morning '' , replied the other , `` i set out from india '' . END
`` why '' , said the teacher , `` art thou so late '' ? ? END
`` i stopped '' , responded the man , `` several times to look at beautiful UNK '' . END
`` thou UNK have supernatural powers '' , exclaimed yang UNK , `` yet thou must give back the spirit of buddha to me '' . END
then the monk praised yang UNK saying : `` i have come over to china in order to worship UNK , and met unexpectedly with minor UNK '' , and after giving the master some palm leaves he brought from india , went back through the air . END
in the popular chinese mind , UNK ( zen ) was no exception to the ideas of coarse magic that dominated . END
a closer look at modern zen reveals many magical UNK that are still part of popular zen attitudes . END
to the zen monk the universe is still populated with `` spiritual beings '' who have to be UNK . END
part of the UNK ritual in the UNK consists in UNK of rice to the spiritual beings '' . END
modern zen presentation to the west insists on the UNK , highly pragmatic nature of the zen belief -- scriptures are burned to make fire , action is based on direct self-confidence , and so on . END
this picture of extreme UNK UNK is difficult to reconcile with such UNK formulas as : `` o you , demons and other spiritual beings , i now offer this to you , and may this food fill up the ten quarters of the world and all the demons and other spiritual beings be fed UNK . END
pope leo 13 , on the 13th day of december 1898 , granted the following UNK : `` an indulgence of three hundred days is granted to all the faithful who read the holy gospels at least a quarter of an hour . END
a plenary indulgence under the usual conditions is granted once a month for the daily reading '' . END
pope UNK the sixth , at rome , in april , UNK , wrote the following : `` the faithful should be excited to the reading of the holy scriptures : for these are the most abundant sources which ought to be left open to everyone , to draw from them purity of morals and of doctrine , to UNK errors which are so widely disseminated in these corrupt times '' . END
the american bishops assembled at the third plenary council of baltimore urged the catholic people to read the holy bible . END
`` we hope '' , they said , `` that no family can be found amongst us without a correct version of the holy scriptures '' . END
they recommended , also , that `` at a fixed hour , let the entire family be assembled for night prayers , followed by a short reading of the holy scriptures '' . END
since the catholic church expresses such desire that the sacred scriptures be read , the following taken from the holy bible ( new catholic edition ) will prove a means of grace and a source of great spiritual blessing . END
the need of the new birth END
do not wonder that i said to thee , `` you must be born again '' . END
st. john 3 : 7 . END
the new birth is necessary because god is holy . END
but as the one who called you is holy , be you also holy in all your behavior ; ; END
for it is written , you shall be holy , because i am holy . END
1 , st. peter 15 , 16 . END
UNK without which no man will see god . END
the new birth is necessary because all have sinned . END
as it is written , there is not one just man ; ; END
there is none who understands ; ; END
there is none who seeks after god . END
all have gone UNK together ; ; END
all have sinned and have need of the glory of god . END
romans 3 : UNK , 23 . END
the new birth is necessary because the natural man is spiritually dead and blind . END
therefore as through one man sin entered into the world and through sin death , and thus death has passed unto all men because all have sinned . END
you also , when you were dead by reason of your offenses and sins . END
UNK 2 : 1 . END
and if our gospel also is veiled , it is veiled only to those who are UNK . END
in their case , the god of this world ( UNK ) has blinded their UNK minds , that they should not see the light of the gospel of the glory of christ , who is the image of god . END
2 , UNK 4 : 3 , 4 . END
for his workmanship we are , created in christ jesus . END
the new birth is effected through the word of god END
for you have been UNK , not from corruptible seed but from UNK , through the word of god . END
1 st. peter 23 . END
of his own will he has begotten us by the word of truth . END
amen , amen , i say to thee , unless a man be born again of water ( symbol of the word of god , see UNK 26 ) and the spirit , he cannot enter into the kingdom of god . END
that which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; END
and that which is born of the spirit is spirit . END
st. john 3 : 5 , 6 . END
evidences of the new birth END
if we are born of god we have faith in christ as the only saviour . END
everyone who believes that jesus is the christ is born of god . END
1 st. john 5 : 1 . END
as many as received him were born of god . END
st. john 12 , 13 . END
if we are born of god we do not practice sin as a habit . END
whoever is born of god does not commit sin ( that is , he does not practice sin . END
cf. 1 st. john 2 : 1 ) . END
1 st. john 3 : 9 . END
we know that no one who is born of god UNK sin . END
1 st. john 18 . END
( the new nature , received at the time of UNK , is divine and holy , and as the believer lives under the power of this new nature he does not practice sin . END
) if we are born of god we practice righteousness . END
if you know that he ( god ) is just ( righteous ) , know that everyone also who does what is just ( righteous ) has been born of him . END
1 st. john 29 . END
if we are born of god we love god . END
everyone who loves is born of god , and knows god . END
1 st. john 4 : 7 . END
if we are born of god we love the brethren . END
we know that we have passed from death to life , because we love the brethren . END
he who does not love UNK in death . END
1 st. john 14 . END
if we are born of god we overcome the world . END
all that is born of god overcomes the world ; ; END
and this is the victory that overcomes the world , our faith . END
1 st. john 5 : 4 . END
if we are born of god we grow in ( not into , but in ) grace . END
but grow in grace and knowledge of our lord and savior , jesus christ . END
2 st. peter 18 . END
if we are born of god we UNK unto the end . END
i am convinced of this , that he who has begun a good work in you will bring it to perfection until the day of christ jesus . END
UNK 1 : 6 . END
now to him who is able to preserve you without sin and to set you before the presence of his glory , without UNK , in UNK , to the only god our savior , through jesus christ our lord , belong glory and UNK , dominion and authority , before all time , and now , and forever . END
the new birth is necessary because the spiritual kingdom requires a spiritual nature . END
jesus answered and said to him ( UNK ) `` amen , amen , i say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of god '' . END
`` amen , amen , i say to thee , unless a man be born again of water and the spirit , he cannot enter into the kingdom of god . END
that which is born of the flesh is flesh ; ; END
and that which is born of the spirit is spirit . END
do not wonder that i said to thee , ' you must be born again ' '' . END
st. john 3 : 3 , UNK . END
the nature of the new birth END
the new birth is a new creation . END
for in christ jesus neither UNK nor UNK but a new creation is of any account . END
if then any man is in christ , he is a new creature ( literally , `` he is a new creation ) , the former things have passed away ; ; END
behold , they are made new ! ! END
for by grace you have been saved through faith ; ; END
and that not from yourselves , for it is the gift of god ; ; END
not as the outcome of works , lest anyone may boast . END
for his workmanship we are , created in christ jesus . END
UNK 2 : UNK . END
the new birth is the UNK of a new life . END
i came that they may have life . END
he who has the son has the life . END
he who has not the son has not the life . END
1 st. john 12 . END
he who believes in the son ( jesus christ , the son of god ) , has everlasting life . END
the new birth is the UNK of the divine nature . END
through which he has granted us the very great and precious promises , so that through them you may become UNK of the divine nature . END
2 st. peter 1 : 4 . END
the new birth is christ living in you by faith . END
christ in you , your hope of glory . END
it is now no longer i that live , but christ lives in me . END
and the life that i now live in the flesh , i live in the faith of the son of god , who loved me and gave himself up for me . END
to have christ dwelling through faith in your hearts . END
the new birth is miraculous and mysterious . END
the wind blows where it will , and thou UNK its sound but UNK not know where it comes from or where it goes . END
so is everyone who is born of the spirit . END
st. john 3 : 8 . END
the new birth is immediate and instantaneous . END
amen , amen , i say to you , he who hears my word , and believes him who sent me , has life everlasting , and does not come to judgment , but has passed from death to life . END
the means of the new birth END
the new birth is a work of god . END
but to as many as received him he gave the power of becoming sons of god ; ; END
to those who believe in his name : who were born not of blood , nor of the will of the flesh , nor of the will of man , but of god . END
st. john 12 , 13 . END
you may be very religious , a good church member , an upright , honest and sincere person ; ; END
you may be baptized , confirmed , UNK and UNK ; ; END
you may attend mass , do penance , say prayers and UNK keep all the UNK and ceremonies of the church ; ; END
you may have the final and extreme UNK but if you are not born again you are lost and headed for hell and eternal punishment . END
you cannot be saved ; ; END
you cannot go to heaven unless you are born again . END
our blessed lord jesus christ , the UNK son of god , who could not lie , said , `` amen , amen , i say to thee , unless a man be born again , he cannot see the kingdom of god '' ( st. john 3 : 3 ) . END
`` you must be born again '' ( st. john 3 : 7 ) . END
being convinced that salvation is alone by accepting christ as saviour , and being convicted by the holy spirit of my lost condition , i do UNK of all effort to be saved by any form of good works , and just now receive jesus as my personal saviour and salvation as a free gift from him . END
you may do as you please with god now . END
god placed himself in men's hands when he sent jesus christ into the world as perfect god and perfect man in one being . END
he was then in man's hands . END
men spit on him . END
they called him a devil . END
god withheld his wrath . END
finally men arrested him , gave him a mock trial , UNK him , nailed him on a cross and hung him between earth and heaven ; ; END
and god allowed it . END
you can do likewise though christ is not bodily present . END
you can ignore him . END
you can ignore his book , the bible , and his church . END
you can laugh at his UNK salvation , curse his followers , and laugh at hell . END
the eternal christ may knock at your UNK door , calling you to give up sin and prepare for heaven . END
you may refuse him , spit on him , call him a devil , curse him . END
you may take his name upon your lips in UNK and UNK if you so choose . END
he is in your hands -- now . END
on the other hand , you may seek his favor , humble yourself before him and beg his mercy , UNK his forgiveness , UNK your sins , and abandon your whole life to him . END
he has said , `` behold , i stand at the door , and knock : if any man hear my voice , and open the door , i will come in to him , and will UNK with him , and he with me '' ( revelation UNK : : END
the choice is up to you . END
the latch is on your side of the door . END
the choice is yours : the UNK and UNK of this world or quiet communion with god ; ; END
the ever burning UNK of the flesh or the powerful victory of holy spirit discipline . END
the choice is yours : god is in your hands , now . END
god has already set the day when you will be in his hands . END
what he does with you then depends on what you do with him now . END
then it will be a `` fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living god '' if you have abused him in your hands . END
i am a magazine ; ; END
my name is guideposts ; ; END
this issue that you are reading marks my 15th anniversary . END
when i came into being , 15 years ago , i had one primary purpose : to help men and women everywhere to know god better , and through knowing him better to become happier and more effective people . END
that purpose has never changed . END
when you read me , you are holding in your hands the product of many minds and hearts . END
some of the people who speak through my pages are famous ; ; END
some work with their hands . END
some have walked through pain and sorrow to bring you their message of hope . END
some are so filled with gratitude , for the gift of life and the love of god , that their joy UNK out on the paper and UNK the lives of thousands whom they have never known , and will never see . END
fifteen years ago , there were no guideposts at all . END
this month a million guideposts will UNK all over the world . END
experts in the publishing field consider this astounding . END
they do not understand how a small magazine with no advertising and no UNK sale could have achieved such a following . END
to me , the explanation is very simple . END
i am not doing anything , of myself . END
i am merely a channel for something . END
what is this something ? ? END
i cannot define it fully . END
it is the force in the universe that makes men love goodness , even when they turn away from it . END
it is the power that holds the stars in their orbits , but allows the wind to bend a blade of grass . END
it is the whisper in the heart that urges each one to be better than he is . END
it is mankind's UNK yearning for a world of justice and peace . END
all things are possible to god , but he chooses -- usually -- to work through people . END
sometimes such people sense that they are being used ; ; END
fifteen years ago , troubled by the rising tide of materialism in the post-war world , a businessman and a minister asked themselves if there might not be a place for a small magazine in which men and women , regardless of creed or color , could set forth boldly their religious convictions and bear witness to the power of faith to solve the endless problems of living . END
the businessman was raymond thornburg . END
the minister was norman vincent UNK . END
neither had any publishing experience , but they had faith in their idea . END
they borrowed a typewriter , raised about $2,000 in contributions , hired a secretary , persuaded a couple of young men to join them for almost no pay and began mailing out a collection of UNK UNK that they called guideposts . END
compared to the big , established magazines , my first efforts seemed feeble indeed . END
but from the start they had two important ingredients : sincerity and realism . END
the people who told the stories were sincere . END
and the stories they told were true . END
for example , early in my life , when one of my editorial workers wanted to find out how churches and philanthropic organizations met the needs of new york's UNK , he didn't just ask questions . END
UNK UNK went and lived in the slums as a sidewalk UNK for ten days . END
that was nearly 13 years ago . END
UNK UNK is my executive editor today . END
many of you are familiar , i'm sure , with the story of my early UNK : the fire in january , 1947 , that destroyed everything -- even our precious list of subscribers . END
the help and sympathy that were forthcoming from everywhere . END
the crisis later on when debts seemed about to UNK me . END
that was when a remarkable woman , UNK UNK , came to my aid -- not so much with money , as with wisdom and courage . END
`` you're not living up to your own principles '' , she told my discouraged people . END
`` you're so preoccupied that you've let your faith grow dim . END
what do you want -- a hundred thousand subscribers ? ? END
UNK them , then , believe you are getting them , and you will have them '' ! ! END
and the 100,000 subscribers became a reality . END
and now a million january guideposts are in circulation . END
with our growth came expansion into new fields of service . END
today more than a thousand industries distribute me to their employees . END
they say all personnel have spiritual needs which guideposts helps to meet . END
hundreds of civic clubs , business firms and individuals make me available to school teachers throughout the land . END
they say it helps them bring back into schools the spiritual and moral values on which this country was built . END
thousands of free copies are sent each month to UNK in the armed forces , to prison libraries and to hospitals everywhere . END
UNK people say i am easy to hold -- and read . END
three years ago it became possible to finance a UNK edition for blind readers . END
throughout these exciting years i have been fortunate for , although i have never offered great financial UNK , talent has found its way to me : william UNK who so UNK UNK business operations ; ; END
john beach who guides circulation ; ; END
irving UNK and nelson rector who travel widely calling on business firms . END
searching for the best in spiritual stories , my UNK editors cover not only the country , but the whole world . END
glenn UNK has been twice to africa , once spending a week with dr. albert schweitzer . END
last summer john and elizabeth UNK were in alaska . END
van UNK recently returned from russia . END
twice a month the editorial staff meets in new york for an early supper , then a long evening of UNK . END
around the table sit protestant , catholic , and jew . END
each contributes something different , and something important : ruth UNK , her wide experience in church work ; ; END
sidney fields , years of experience as a new york columnist ; ; END
catherine marshall UNK , the insight that has made her books UNK and norm UNK , the keen perception of an advertising executive . END
there are people who travel long distances to assure my continued existence . END
elaine st. johns may fly in from the west coast for the editorial staff meetings . END
UNK jones gets up every morning at five o'clock , UNK his family cow , attends to farm chores , and then takes a two-hour train trip to new york . END
arthur gordon comes once a month all the way from georgia . END
we have also seen the power of faith at work among us . END
rose UNK , who handles all the UNK that we receive , answering each letter personally , has the serene UNK that comes from suffering : she has had many major operations , and now gets about in a limited way on braces and crutches . END
recently , john UNK was stricken with one of the UNK forms of cancer . END
we prayed for john , during surgery , we asked others to pray ; ; END
all over the country a massive shield of prayer was thrown around him . END
today the cancer is gone . END
perhaps it is not fair to mention some people without mentioning all . END
but , you see , those who are not mentioned will not resent it . END
that is the kind of people they are . END
perhaps you think the editorial meetings are solemn affairs , a little UNK ? ? END
serious , yes , but also much laughter . END
sharp division of opinion , too , and strenuous debate . END
there are UNK UNK for the right word , the best phrase , the most helpful idea . END
and there is also something intangible that UNK around the table . END
a good word for it is fellowship . END
a shorter word is . END
each meeting starts with a prayer , offered spontaneously by one member of the group . END
it takes many forms , this prayer , but in essence it is always a request for guidance , for open minds and gentle hearts , for honesty and sincerity , for the wisdom and the insights that will help UNK readers . END
for you , readers , are an all-important part of the spiritual experiment that is guideposts . END
i need your support , your criticism , your encouragement , your prayers . END
i am a magazine ; ; END
my name is guideposts . END
my message , today , is the same as it was 15 years ago : that there is goodness in people , and strength and love in god . END
may he bless you all . END
havana was filled with an excitement which you could see in the brightness of men's eyes and hear in the pitch of their voices . END
the hated dictator batista had fled . END
rumors flew from lip to lip that fidel castro was on his way to havana , coming from the mountains where he had fought batista for five years . END
already the city was filled with UNK , the bearded , UNK UNK , carrying UNK , waving to the crowds that lined the UNK . END
and then castro himself did come , bearded , smiling ; ; END
yet if you looked closely you'd see that his eyes did not pick up the smile on his lips . END
at first i was happy to throw the support of our newspaper behind this man . END
i am sure that castro was happy , too , about that support . END
UNK de la marina was the oldest and most influential paper in cuba , with a reputation for speaking out against tyranny . END
my grandfather had been UNK because of his editorials . END
my own earliest memories are of UNK : my three brothers and i were taken often to the united states `` to visit relatives '' while my father stayed on to fight the dictator UNK . END
when it was my turn , i , too , printed the truth as i knew it about batista , and UNK to see his regime UNK . END
none of us was aware that the biggest fight was still ahead . END
i was full of hope as fidel castro came into havana . END
within a week , however , i began to suspect that something was wrong . END
for castro was bringing cuba not freedom , but hatred . END
he spent long hours before the tv spitting out promises of revenge . END
he showed us how he dealt with his enemies : he executed them before tv cameras . END
on home sets children were watching the death UNK of men who were shot before the UNK , the firing wall . END
he seemed bent on coupling them with vengeance . END
new schools were rising , but with this went a harsh proclamation : any academic degree earned during UNK regime was invalid . END
he had promised cheaper housing : arbitrarily he cut all UNK in half , whether the landlord was a UNK UNK or a widow whose only income was the rental of a spare room . END
under another law , hundreds of farms were seized . END
farm workers had their wages cut almost in half . END
of this , only 50 cents a day was paid in cash , the rest in script usable only in `` people's stores '' . END
a suspicion was growing that fidel castro was a communist . END
in my mind , i began to review : his use of hate to gain support ; ; END
his people's courts ; ; END
his division of society into two classes , one the hero , the other the UNK . END
but most disturbing of all were the advisers he called to sit with him in the palace ; ; END
many came from communist countries . END
what should i do about it , i asked myself ? ? END
i had watched castro handling his enemies before the UNK . END
there was no doubt in my mind that if i crossed him , mobs would appear outside our windows shouting `` UNK ! ! END
what should i do ? ? END
i was proud of the new buildings which housed UNK now : the UNK , gleaming behind glass doors ; ; END
the UNK and UNK of our new presses . END
here was a powerful , ready-made medium , but it could speak only if i told it to . END
then one day , early in january , 1960 , i sat down at my desk , and suddenly i was aware of the UNK . END
it was a simple ivory UNK which my mother had given me . END
i had mounted it on velvet and hung it over my desk to remind me always to use the power of the paper in a christian manner . END
now it seemed almost as if jesus were looking down at me with sadness in his eyes , saying : END
`` you will lose the paper . END
you may lose your life . END
but do you have any choice '' ? ? END
i knew in that moment that i did not have any choice . END
from that day on i began to write editorials about the things i did not think correct in fidel castro's regime . END
too often a beginning bodybuilder has to do his training secretly either because his parents don't want UNK to `` lift all those old barbell things '' because `` you'll UNK your growth '' or because childish UNK from his UNK , like `` hey UNK mr. america ; ; END
UNK gonna do with all those muscles ( of which he has none at the time ) '' ? ? END
after all , a UNK gotta have a little ego ! ! END
therefore it's a genuine pleasure to tell you about an entirely happy bodybuilder who has never had to train in secret has never heard one UNK word from his parents and never has been UNK by his UNK ! ! END
this happy , always smiling lad with the sunny disposition is our new junior mr. canada -- henri de UNK . END
far from discouraging henri , his parents urge him on to greater and greater accomplishments . END
instead of UNK him to let the weights alone they personally took him to that master montreal UNK authority , professor roland claude . END
and they couldn't have UNK henri to better hands because `` le UNK '' knows his muscles from the UNK UNK of the neck right down to the UNK UNK of the leg and better still , he knows just what exercises work best for them and what weider principles to combine them with for fast , fast muscle growth . END
that's because the good professor teaches only weider methods at his famous montreal health studio which is located at 1821 mt. royal east in montreal . END
undoubtedly you have read the case histories of some of his UNK pupils ( every pupil has a UNK title of some kind or other ) . END
there's UNK UNK who is our newest mr. canada ; ; END
UNK UNK , whose story appeared here two issues ago ; ; END
jack UNK , who was with us last month ; ; END
charles UNK , who recently won the `` most muscular man '' subdivision award in the mr. canada event ; ; END
and a host of others . END
UNK , the professor knows his muscles ! ! END
now when henri was just 12 he was only UNK UNK '' tall and weighed an astounding 72 pounds , and his greatest desire was to pack on some weight . END
about that time he began reading mr. america and muscle builder and he learned of the famous weider way to fast weight gaining . END
seeing so many illustrations and reading so many UNK to the value of UNK and UNK , those two UNK weider food supplements , he decided to try them and see what they could do for him . END
well , sir they did real great ! ! END
for in almost less time than it takes to tell it , UNK UNK was increasing rapidly . END
of course he did some exercising . END
he's crazy about water skiing and swimming and this vigorous exercise in conjunction with the added food supplements packed pounds of solid muscle on his skinny frame . END
henri has always had UNK legs from swimming and water skiing and really doesn't have to work them very much . END
but he was totally dissatisfied with his upper body . END
it was muscular but it wasn't UNK . END
`` a real ' nothing ' torso '' , says henri . END
`` it never seemed to widen . END
it just got longer and longer '' . END
that's when he went to professor claude . END
and at once claude saw what the trouble was and he knew just how to correct it . END
in his UNK the professor has some of the most `` knocked out '' equipment since vic UNK . END
mr. claude is a specialist in torso development and he has long favored the UNK weider push-pull super-set technique in which one exercise of the super-set is a pressing or `` pushing '' movement which accents one sector of a muscle group in a specific way , followed by a `` pulling '' exercise which works the opposing sector of the same muscle group . END
so right away claude introduced henri to his famous `` moon '' bench and proceeded to teach him his first push-pull super-set consisting of the UNK UNK UNK ( the `` pull '' part of the push-pull super-set ) which dramatically UNK the UNK and strongly affects the muscles of the upper back and chest and the UNK bench press which specifically works on the chest to build those wide , UNK `` UNK '' UNK , while stimulating the upper UNK and UNK UNK . END
as you can see , in this push-pull super set the entire UNK area is vigorously exercised in alternate sectors by alternate exercises so the complete torso remains UNK all the time ! ! END
now when henri has completed four complete push-pull UNK no. 1 , the professor allows him about a UNK rest period before starting him on four complete push-pull UNK no. 2 . END
super-set no. 2 is made up of similar exercises , but this time done with UNK , and using both `` moon '' and flat benches . END
the `` push '' exercise of this push-pull super-set is the bench press done with elbows well pulled back and with a greater downward stretch of the UNK not possible with the barbell variation . END
you need the barbell variation to build width and mass in the UNK . END
the UNK variation develops a most UNK sculptured outline to the aj . END
the `` pull '' exercise in this super-set is the UNK UNK UNK . END
( note how strongly the upper UNK and UNK are worked in this fine exercise because of the UNK concentration of force which the UNK variation affords ) . END
in the third push-pull super-set the `` push '' exercise is the UNK UNK between bars , while the `` pull '' exercise is the moon bench UNK raise with bent arms . END
the UNK done in this manner is the greatest UNK UNK ever invented ! ! END
this is true only if a very wide grip is used and only when the greatest possible stretch is achieved . END
you'll know when you've made the greatest stretch because your shoulder blades will touch ! ! END
as you see , the professor has designed a piece of apparatus that forces the bodybuilder to use a UNK grip . END
he has to ; ; END
he just can't do anything about it at all ! ! END
but as you can also see , it's not a painful exercise at all , because henri de UNK -- the `` happy '' bodybuilder -- looks as though he were having the time of his life ! ! END
the last exercise of roland UNK prescribed program for henri is a single exercise , done in individual sets with a bit longer pause between sets . END
by this time UNK entire UNK area is UNK to almost bursting point , and claude takes time to do a bit more UNK UNK shaping work . END
he has henri do from four to six sets of the incline bench press ( note the high incline ) . END
this gives a wide UNK to the UNK , causing them to flow dramatically upward into UNK and dramatically downward into the UNK and aj . END
this is the kind of chest that invariably wins contests ; ; END
that UNK `` UNK rock '' looks of the great champions . END
so with four complete push-pull UNK no. 1 , four of no. 2 , four of no. 3 and four to six sets of the incline bench press , you can see that henri de UNK has had a terrific UNK , UNK , UNK workout that cannot be improved upon . END
UNK contests are rarely won on muscle size alone . END
UNK still is a mr. america or mr. universe of true UNK build . END
the aspects of physical development that catch the UNK eyes and which UNK influence their decisions are symmetry and that UNK of the true champion -- superior definition of the muscles . END
now good definition is one thing that all of us can acquire with occasional UNK , UNK , UNK UNK . END
but contest definition -- that dramatic muscular separation of every muscle group that seems as though it must have been carved by a UNK chisel -- is something quite different . END
this comes not alone from UNK , UNK training , but from certain UNK exercises which the champion selects for himself with the knowledge of exactly what works best for him . END
often these exercises work well for some UNK but less UNK for others . END
because they are `` minority '' exercises and have but a limited appeal they soon find themselves in the UNK of the forgotten . END
only when the newest mr. america or mr. universe UNK them and puts them into practice are we UNK with them and once again see how effective they really are . END
the exercise i shall discuss in this -- the first of a new series of articles on muscle UNK of a particular body part -- is the one leg lunge . END
why it was ever forgotten for even a moment i cannot say because it works perfectly for everyone , no matter whether he has short or long UNK lengths ! ! END
it is the one exercise that drastically influences the definition of the thighs at the UNK -- that mark of the champion that sets him apart from all other UNK ; ; END
a criterion of muscle `` drama '' that is UNK to judges and audiences alike ; ; END
the UNK of muscular development that wins prizes . END
definition of the thighs at the UNK part is quite commonly seen in most championship olympic lifters which is easily understandable . END
the one leg lunge is a split and all lifters practice this in their regular UNK . END
but for purely definition purposes -- used in conjunction with your regular squatting , leg UNK , leg UNK programs -- a heavy weight is not needed . END
indeed , a lighter weight works much better because a greater , more extensive split can be performed . END
used in several sets of high UNK once or twice each week it will not be long before your entire upper leg takes on a UNK definition in which the muscles look like wire UNK writhing and twisting under the skin ! ! END
really there is no reason why this fine exercise should not find its way into your leg program at all times , for the following suggestions show why it is so effective : 1 . END
it's a complete thigh UNK exercise . END
it places terrific tension on the leg muscles from start to finish of each repetition . END
it improves over-all balance and control for the bodybuilder , and helps to make UNK more easily and more correctly performed . END
it increases flexibility of the legs . END
it speeds muscle growth and power development even for the advanced bodybuilder because each hip and leg is exercised separately , thus enabling a massive , concentrated effort to be focused on each . END
you'll need your weider power stands for this fine exercise and here's the way it's done : 1 . END
place your power stands in position and adjust their height so that this will correspond to the height of your shoulders when you are in a deep leg split as for a heavy clean . END
place a UNK barbell across them ; ; END
grasp the bar ( which will rest against the back of your neck ) ; ; END
extend your feet forward and backward until you are in a deep leg split . END
now raise the weight by straightening your front leg , without moving your feet . END
when the front knee is straight and locked , allow it to bend again until you feel the bar come lightly into contact with the sides of the power stands . END
after you have taken a UNK , reverse the position of your legs so that the front thigh of the previous exercise is now to the rear , and the rear thigh now to the front , and perform the same movement in the same manner . END
that's the UNK lunge in a UNK . END
you should have a couple of training partners to stand by when you make your first experiments just for safety . END
you should also begin this exercise with a very light barbell until you become accustomed to it UNK . END
oh , you'll UNK and weave quite a bit at first . END
before your first training experiment has ended there will be a big improvement and almost before you know it you'll be raising and lowering yourself just like a veteran ! ! END
although i suggested that you hold the bar at the back of the neck there's no reason why you shouldn't make some experiments with the bar held in front of the neck . END
UNK lifters and UNK lifters would both benefit enormously by practicing those variations providing that they remember to make alternate sets with the left and right leg to the front . END
the most beautiful bed of pansies i've seen was in a south dakota yard on a UNK day . END
pansies are supposed to like it cool , but those great UNK flowers were healthy and UNK in the glaring sun . END
i sought out the gardener and asked him what he did to produce such beauties in that weather . END
he seemed puzzled by my question . END
`` i just love them '' , he said . END
the more i talked with him , the more convinced i became that that was the secret of their UNK blooming . END
of course his love was expressed in intelligent care . END
he planted the pansy seeds himself , buying them from a pansy specialist . END
these specialists , i learned , have done a great deal of work to improve the size and health of the plants and the resulting flowers . END
their seeds produce vigorous blooming plants half again the size of the UNK strains . END
i asked him if he took seeds from his own plants . END
occasionally , when he had an unusual flower that he wanted more of he did ; ; END
but pansy seeds , he told me , soon `` run down '' . END
it's best to buy them fresh from a dealer who is working to improve them . END
his soil was `` nothing special '' , just prairie land , but he had UNK in compost until it was loose , UNK and UNK . END
i UNK it and had the feeling of UNK that comes with the right texture , UNK and body . END
it isn't easy to describe it , but every gardener knows it when his fingers touch such soil . END
nothing is easier to grow from seed than pansies . END
they UNK quickly , the tiny plants appearing in a week , and grow along UNK . END
it doesn't really matter which month of the year you UNK them , but they UNK best when they have a wide variation of temperature , very warm followed by cool in the same 24 hours . END
i like to make a UNK right in the open , though many people start them successfully in cold frames . END
pansies don't have to be UNK ; ; END
they'd rather have things rugged , with only moderate protection on the coldest days . END
if you do use a cold frame be sure that its ventilation is adequate . END
for my UNK i use good garden soil with a little sand added to encourage UNK . END
i dig it , rake it smooth , UNK the seeds and wet them down with a fog spray . END
then i cover the UNK with a board . END
this keeps it cool and moist and protects it from birds . END
ants carry away the seeds so better be sure that there are no ant hills nearby . END
when the first sprinkling of green appears i remove the board . END
a light , porous mulch applied now keeps the roots cool and the soil soft during these early days of growth . END
i like UNK for this , or hay . END
when they have 4 to 6 leaves and are UNK little plants , it's time to set them out where they are to remain . END
every time you UNK a pansy you cause its flowers to become smaller . END
the moral is : don't UNK it any UNK than you must . END
as soon as they are large enough to move , i put mine 9 inches apart where they are to bloom . END
i put a little scoop of UNK phosphate rock or steamed bone meal into each hole with the plant . END
that encourages UNK , and the better developed the roots , the larger and more plentiful the flowers . END
i doubt if it is possible to UNK them . END
i spade lots of compost into their bed ; ; END
lacking that , decayed manure spread over the bed is fine . END
one year i simply set the plants in the remains of a compost pile , to which a little sand had been added , and i had the most beautiful pansies in my , or any of my UNK experience . END
in addition to the rich soil they benefit by UNK of manure water every other week , diluted to the color of weak tea . END
as a substitute for this , organic fertilizer dissolved in water to half the strength in the directions , may be used . END
we put a light mulch over the UNK ; ; END
now we must use a heavy one . END
three inches of porous material will do a good job of keeping weeds down and the soil moist and cool . END
when winter comes be ready with additional mulch . END
i like hay for this and apply it so that only the tops of the plants show right after a good frost . END
that keeps in the cold , retains moisture and prevents the heaving of alternate freezing and UNK . END
don't miss the pansies that appear from time to time through the winter . END
whenever there is a thaw or a few sunny days , you'll be likely to find a brave little blossom or two . END
if those aren't enough for you , why not grow some just for winter blooming ? ? END
the pansies i cherished most bloomed for me in february during a particularly cold winter . END
i started the seed in a flat in june and set out the little pansies in a cold frame . END
( an UNK UNK would have been better , if i had had one . END
) the plants took zero nights in their stride , with nothing but a mat of straw over the glass to protect them . END
in response to the UNK days of february they UNK , then bloomed their UNK UNK flowers . END
that cold frame was my morale builder ; ; END
its mass of bright bloom set in a border of snow made my spirits rise every time i looked at it . END
like UNK in december , pansies are far more exciting in february than in may . END
try that late winter pickup when you are so tired of cold and snow that you feel you just can't take another day of it . END
the day will come , in UNK , when you find your plants becoming `` UNK '' , running to UNK foliage at the expense of blossoms . END
try UNK down each separate branch to the earth , using a bobby pin to hold it there . END
pick the flowers , keep the soil UNK , and each of the UNK branches will take root and become a little plant and go on blooming for the rest of the season . END
as soon as an experimental UNK assures you that roots have taken over , cut it off from the mother plant . END
a second and also good practice is to shear off the tops , leaving an inch high UNK with just a leaf or two on each branch . END
these UNK plants will bud and blossom in record time and will behave just as they did in early spring . END
i like to shear half my plants at a time , leaving one half of them to blossom while the second half is getting started on its new round of blooming . END
probably no one needs to tell you that the way to stop all bloom is to let the blossoms go to seed . END
UNK aim , different from ours , is to provide for the coming generation . END
that done , her work is accomplished and she ignores the plant . END
here is a word of advice when you go shopping for your pansy seeds . END
go to a reputable UNK , preferably a pansy specialist . END
it is no harder to raise big , healthy , blooming plants than weak , UNK little things ; ; END
in fact it is easier . END
but you will never get better flowers than the seed you grow . END
many people think that pansies last only a few weeks , then their period of growth and bloom is over . END
that is not true . END
if the plants are cared for and protected over the winter , the second year is more UNK than the first . END
would you like to grow exhibition pansies ? ? END
remove about half the branches from each plant , leaving only the strongest with the largest buds . END
the flowers will be huge . END
they stick to their principles , insist upon their due , but grow and bloom with dependable UNK if given it . END
treat them right and they'll make a showing every month in the year except the frigid ones . END
give them food , some shade , mulch , water and more food , and they'll repay your UNK with beauty . END
a salad with greens and tomato is a popular and wonderfully UNK addition to a meal , but add an avocado and you have something really special . END
this delightful tropical fruit has become well-known in the past thirty years because modern transportation methods have made it possible to ship avocados anywhere in the united states . END
it has a great many assets to recommend it and if you haven't made avocado a part of your diet yet , you really should . END
you will find that avocado is unlike any other fruit you have ever tasted . END
it is roughly shaped like a large pear , and when properly UNK , its dark green skin covers a UNK , UNK pulp that has about the consistency of a ripe UNK pear , but oily . END
the avocado should have a `` give '' to it , as you hold it , when it is ripe . END
the flavor is neither sweet , like a pear , nor tart like an orange ; ; END
it is subtle and rather UNK , UNK . END
it is a flavor that might take a little getting used to -- not because it is unpleasant , but because the flavor is hard to define in the light of our experience with other fruits . END
sometimes it takes several `` UNK '' of avocado to catch that delightful quality in taste that has made it such a favorite throughout the world . END
once you become an avocado fan , you will look forward to the season each year with eager anticipation . END
naturally dormant and no spray danger END
today , refrigerated carriers have made the shipping of avocados possible to any place in the world . END
the fruit is allowed to mature on the tree , but it is still firm at this point . END
it is brought to packing houses , cleaned and UNK as to size and quality , and packed in protective excelsior . END
the fruit is then cooled to UNK , a temperature at which it lapses into a sort of dormant state . END
this cooling does not change the avocado in any way , it just UNK the natural softening of the fruit until a UNK temperature ( room temperature ) is restored . END
this happens on the UNK shelf or in your kitchen . END
one of the most attractive things about avocados is that they do not require processing of any kind . END
there is no UNK or UNK or UNK needed . END
if the temperature is controlled properly , the avocado will delay its UNK until needed . END
and unlike other fruits , one cannot eat the skin of the avocado . END
it is thick , much like an egg UNK skin , so that poison UNK , if they are used , present no hazard to the consumer . END
UNK and a cholesterol UNK END
good taste and versatility , plus safety from spray UNK would be enough to recommend the frequent use of such a fruit , even if its UNK values were limited . END
avocados , however , are very rich in nutrients . END
their main asset is an abundance of UNK fatty acids , so necessary for maintaining the good health of the UNK system . END
aside from this , the average portion contains some protein , an appreciable amount of vitamins a and c -- about one-tenth of the minimum daily requirement , and about a third of the official vitamin e requirement . END
the b vitamins are well represented , especially UNK and UNK . END
calcium , UNK and iron are present in worthwhile amounts , and eleven other minerals also have been found in varying trace amounts . END
none of these values is destroyed , not significantly altered by refrigeration storage . END
dr. wilson c. grant , of the UNK administration hospital , coral gables , florida , and the university of miami school of medicine , set out to discover if avocados , because of their high content of UNK fatty acids , would reduce the cholesterol of the blood in selected patients . END
the study comprised 16 male patients , ranging in age from 27 to 72 . END
they were put on control UNK to determine as accurately as possible , the normal cholesterol level of their blood . END
then they were given 1/2 to 1-1/2 avocados per day as a substitute for part of their dietary fat consumption . END
five , four , three , two , one , fire ! ! END
the tremendous energy released by giant rocket engines perhaps can be felt much better than it can be heard . END
the UNK vibration of energy UNK at the pit of your stomach . END
never before has the introduction of a weapon caused so much apprehension and fear . END
nuclear weapons are UNK , but the long-range ballistic missile gives them a stealth and UNK UNK which is much more terrifying . END
a great many writers are UNK by the apparently overwhelming advantage an attacker would have if he were to strike with complete surprise using nuclear rockets . END
it is relatively easy to go a step further and reason that an attacker , in possession of such absolute power , would simultaneously destroy his UNK cities and people . END
with a nation UNK before it , why would the attacker spare the victim's people ? ? END
wouldn't the UNK destruction of cities and people be the logical act of complete UNK ? ? END
the nation would be utterly UNK . END
the will of its people , so crucial in time of peril , would be broken . END
nuclear weapons have given the world the means for UNK in hours or days ; ; END
and now rockets have given it the means to destroy itself in minutes . END
at this point it should be painfully obvious that cities , being `` soft '' , and the people within them are ideally suited to destruction by nuclear weapons . END
however , because this vulnerability is mutual , it is to the advantage of neither side to destroy the UNK cities , at least so long as the opponent has nuclear weapons with which to effect UNK . END
it should be UNK apparent that UNK is not a profitable military tactic . END
UNK have given us a capability which could be used in two different ways . END
they could be used to attack a nation's people ( which would inevitably mean the loss of the UNK own people ) , or they could be used with discrimination to destroy the enemy's military force . END
if our national interest lies in being able to fight and win a war rather than committing national suicide , then we must take a much more penetrating look at ballistic missiles . END
we must determine whether missiles can win a war all by themselves . END
we must make certain that the aircraft is finished before we give the entire job to the missile . END
missiles are very valuable weapons , but they also have their too little known limitations . END
because of a UNK ballistic UNK , the location of a fixed target must be known quite accurately . END
placing missiles in submarines , on UNK , railroads , highways , surface vessels and in the air provides them with passive protection by taking advantage of the gravest weakness of long-range ballistic missiles today -- the extreme difficulty of destroying a mobile or moving target with such weapons . END
one must first detect a fleeting mobile or moving target , decide that it is worthy of destruction , select the missile to be fired against the target , compute UNK for the flight , and prepare the missile for firing . END
even if all these operations could be performed UNK , the UNK still has a time of flight to the target of about 30 minutes . END
therefore , if the target can significantly change its location in something less than 30 minutes , the probability of having destroyed it is drastically lowered . END
because of this , it would appear inevitable that an increasing percentage of strategic missiles will seek UNK in mobility -- at least until missile defenses are perfected which have an exceedingly high kill probability . END
in order to destroy the enemy's mobile , moving , or UNK located strategic forces , we must have a hunter-killer capability in addition to our missiles . END
until this hunter-killer operation can be performed by UNK , manned aircraft appear to be the only means available to us . END
it seems reasonable that if general nuclear war is not to be one UNK act of burning each other's citizens to UNK , we must have a manned strategic force of UNK aircraft capable of going into china or russia to find and destroy their strategic forces which continued to threaten us . END
let us suppose the russians decide to build a UNK UNK force . END
it is entirely feasible to employ aircraft such as the b-52 or b-70 in hunter-killer operations against soviet UNK missiles . END
if we stop thinking in terms of tremendous UNK nuclear weapons and consider employing much smaller nuclear weapons which may be more appropriate for most important military targets , it would seem that the b-52 or b-70 could carry a great many small nuclear weapons . END
an aircraft with a load of small nuclear weapons could very conceivably be given a mission to suppress all trains operating within a specified geographic area of russia -- provided that we had used some of our UNK to UNK russia's air defenses before our bombers got there . END
the aircraft could be used to destroy other mobile , fleeting , and UNK located targets as well as the known , fixed and hardened targets which can also be destroyed by missile . END
why , then , aren't we planning a larger , more important role for manned military aircraft ? ? END
is there any other way to do the job ? ? END
UNK of our strategic forces ( polaris , mobile and hardened UNK , hardened atlas and titan , and airborne UNK ) means that it will take some time , perhaps weeks , to destroy a strategic force . END
war , under these circumstances , cannot be one massive exchange of nuclear UNK . END
forces will survive a surprise attack , and these forces will give depth , or considerable duration , to the conflict . END
the forces which survive the initial attack must be found and destroyed . END
even mobile forces must be found and destroyed . END
but , how does one go about the job of finding and destroying mobile forces ? ? END
they are not susceptible to wholesale destruction by ballistic missile . END
some day , many years in the future , true UNK will be able to find and destroy mobile targets . END
but until we have an effective UNK , the answer to the hunter-killer problem is manned aircraft . END
however , the aircraft which we have today are tied to large , `` soft '' airfields . END
nuclear rockets can destroy airfields with ease . END
here then is our problem : aircraft are vital to winning a war today because they can perform those missions which a missile is totally incapable of performing ; ; END
but the airfield , on which the aircraft is completely dependent , is doomed by the missile . END
this makes today's aircraft a one-shot , or one mission , weapon . END
aircraft are mighty expensive if you can use them only once . END
this is the point on which so many people have written off the aircraft in favor of the missile . END
but remember this -- it isn't the aircraft which is vulnerable to nuclear rockets , it is the airfield . END
eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground and you have essentially eliminated its vulnerability to long-range ballistic missiles . END
there are four rather obvious ways to reduce or eliminate the vulnerability of aircraft on the ground : END
put aircraft in `` UNK '' UNK when they are on the ground . END
build long-range aircraft which can take off from small ( UNK ) airfields with runways . END
if we could use all the small airfields we have in this country , we could UNK our strategic aircraft by a factor of 10 or more . END
use nuclear UNK to keep our long-range military aircraft in the air for the majority of their useful life . END
using very high UNK ratio engines , develop a UNK ( UNK ) long-range military aircraft . END
we have the technology today with which to build aircraft shelters which could UNK at least 200 aj . END
we could put a portion of our strategic bombers in such shelters . END
large , long-range bombers can be developed which would have the capability to take off from UNK runways , but they would require more powerful engines than we have today . END
there is little enthusiasm for spending money to develop more powerful engines because of the erroneous belief that the aircraft has been made obsolete by the missile . END
this same preoccupation with missiles at the expense of aircraft has resulted in our UNK effort to develop nuclear propulsion for aircraft . END
one seldom hears the analogy `` nuclear propulsion will do for the aircraft what it has already done for the submarine '' . END
if , for some reason such as economy , we are not going to develop aircraft nuclear propulsion with a sense of national urgency , then we should turn our effort to developing jet engines with a UNK ratio of 12 or 15 to one . END
with UNK such as these , vertical UNK and landing combat aircraft could be built . END
for example , a UNK engine would power a supersonic UNK fighter . END
with a UNK engine , a supersonic aircraft weighing 300,000 pounds could rise UNK . END
the reason that we are not going ahead full speed to develop high UNK engines is that it would cost perhaps a billion dollars -- and you don't spend that sort of money if aircraft are obsolete . END
when aircraft are no longer helpless on airfields , they are no longer vulnerable to aj . END
if our sac bombers were , today , capable of surviving a surprise missile attack and because of infinite UNK or long endurance had the capability to strike at russia again , and again , and again , those bombers would unquestionably assure our military dominance . END
we would have the means to seek out and destroy the enemy's force -- whether it were fixed or mobile . END
with such a force of manned bombers we could bring enormous pressure to bear on an enemy , and this pressure would be selective and extremely discriminating . END
no need to kill an entire city and all its people because we lacked the precision and reconnaissance to UNK UNK the enemy's military force . END
our first necessity , at the very outset of war , is post-attack reconnaissance . END
in a few years we will have UNK ( UNK missile observation system ) . END
but in the case of moving targets , and targets which have limited mobility , what will their location be when it is time to destroy them ? ? END
what targets have we successfully knocked out ? ? END
a ballistic missile cannot , today , tell you if it was successful or unsuccessful . END
what targets still remain to be hit ? ? END
these crucial questions must be answered by post-attack reconnaissance . END
UNK will be hard put to see through clouds -- and to see in the dark . END
even if this is some day possible , there remains the UNK time of flight of a missile to its overseas target . END
if the target can change its position significantly during the 30 minutes the missile is in the air on its way , the probability of the missile destroying the target is drastically reduced . END
UNK reconnaissance is vital but only post-attack reconnaissance will allow us to terminate the war favorably . END
it would be priceless to have an aircraft to gather that post-attack reconnaissance . END
it could operate under the clouds and perform infrared photography through clouds and at night . END
it would be even more valuable because that same aircraft could immediately destroy any targets it discovered -- no need to wait for a missile to come all the way from the united states with the chance that the target , if it were mobile , would be gone . END
a large aircraft , such as the b-52 or b-70 , could carry perhaps 50 or 100 small nuclear weapons . END
few people realize that one UNK of nuclear explosive power will create 1,000 UNK UNK at 100 feet . END
or put another way , the hardest missile site planned today could be destroyed by placing a UNK UNK ( UNK the size of those used in hiroshima and UNK ) within 100 to 200 feet of the target ! ! END
it is our lack of extreme accuracy which forces the use of very large yield nuclear weapons . END
today we have UNK radar which has such high resolution that the radar picture clearly shows individual buildings , runways , UNK , separate spans of bridges , etc. . END
with these keen `` eyes '' and small nuclear weapons delivered with accuracy , military forces can be directly attacked with minimum damage to urban areas . END
if we fail to develop the means to hunt down and destroy the enemy's military force with extreme care and precision , and if war comes in spite of our most ardent desires for peace , our choice of alternatives will be truly frightening . END
the lyric beauties of schubert's trout UNK -- its elemental rhythms and infectious melodies -- make it a source of pure pleasure for almost all music listeners . END
but for students of musical forms and would-be UNK , the work presents its problems . END
since it requires only five players , it would seem to fall into the category of chamber music -- yet it calls for a double bass , an instrument generally regarded as symphonic . END
moreover , the piece is written in five movements , rather than the conventional four of most UNK , and this gives the UNK a UNK or UNK flavor . END
the many and frequent performances of the trout serve to emphasize the dual nature of its writing . END
some UNK are of symphonic dimensions , with the UNK given free UNK . END
other interpretations present the music as an essentially intimate creation . END
in these readings , the double bass is either kept UNK in the background , or it is dressed in UNK attire -- the musical equivalent of a bull in a china shop . END
recently i was struck anew by the divergent approaches , when in the course of one afternoon and evening i listened to no fewer than ten different performances . END
the occasion for this UNK : UNK UNK UNK in its `` great recordings of the century '' series of the UNK arte version . END
let me say at the outset that the music sounded as sparkling on the last playing as it did on the first . END
whether considered alone or in relation to other editions , UNK 40 is a document of prime importance . END
UNK schnabel was one of the greatest UNK players of all time , and any commentary of his on this repertory is valuable . END
but schnabel was a great teacher in addition to being a great performer , and the fact that four of the ten versions i listened to are by schnabel pupils ( clifford curzon , frank UNK , adrian UNK , and victor UNK ) also sheds light on the master's UNK skills . END
certain UNK traits are common to all five UNK UNK , most notably the `` schnabel UNK '' ( which differs from the conventional UNK in that the two notes are struck simultaneously ) . END
but the most impressive testimony to schnabel's distinction as a teacher is reflected by the individuality which marks each UNK approach as distinctly his own . END
schnabel's emphasis on structural clarity , his innate rhythmic UNK , and UNK intensity all tend to stamp his reading as a symphonic one . END
yet no detail was too small to receive attention from this master , and as a result the playing here has humor , delicacy , and radiant humanity . END
this is a UNK interpretation , but it is never UNK . END
and although schnabel's UNK bristles with excitement , it is meticulously faithful to schubert's dynamic UNK and phrase indications . END
the piano performance on this trout is one that really demands a search for UNK . END
about the pro UNK contribution i am less happy . END
i , for one , rather regret that schnabel didn't UNK with the budapest quartet , whose rugged , athletic playing was a good deal closer to this pianist's UNK outlook than the style of the belgian group . END
from a technical standpoint , the string playing is good , but the pro arte people fail to enter into the spirit of things here . END
the violinist , in particular , is very UNK with UNK and slides , and his tone is pinched and UNK . END
the UNK recording offers rather faded string tone , but the balance between the instruments is good and the transfer is very quiet . END
there is a break in continuity just before the fourth variation in the `` UNK '' movement , and i suspect that this is due to imperfect UNK between sides of the original aj . END
turning to the more modern versions , UNK ( london ) offers the most sophisticated keyboard work . END
every detail in his interpretation has been beautifully thought out , and of these i would especially cite the delicious UNK touch the pianist brings to the fifth variation ( an obvious indication that he is playing with UNK musicians ) , and the UNK shading throughout . END
some of UNK playing strikes me as UNK , however . END
why , for example , does he favor two UNK , rather than one , for the third movement ? ? END
the assisting musicians from the vienna UNK are somewhat lacking in UNK , but their contribution is UNK and appealing . END
( special compliments to the double bass playing of UNK UNK : his scrawny , UNK sound adds a delightful UNK to the performance . END
the UNK arts edition ( UNK ) is a model of UNK and organization . END
it is , moreover , a perfectly integrated ensemble effort . END
but having lived with the disc for some time now , i find the performance less exciting than either schnabel's or UNK ( whose superb performance with the budapest quartet has still to be recorded ) and a good deal less filled with humor than UNK . END
UNK work is very much akin to schnabel's , but the sound on his UNK disc is dated , and you will have a hard time locating a copy of it . END
the UNK UNK quartet ( angel ) and victor UNK quartet ( rca victor ) editions give us UNK string playing ( both in symphonic style ) crippled by UNK piano playing . END
( UNK has acquired some of schnabel's keyboard manner , but his playing is of limited insight . END
) UNK UNK ( westminster ) and UNK quartet ( UNK UNK ) are both UNK , pleasantly lyrical , but rather slack and UNK . END
UNK UNK , playing with a group of musicians from the UNK ensemble , gives a sturdy reading , in much the same vein as that of the UNK UNK . END
UNK has accorded him beautiful sound , and this UNK disc ( it sells for UNK ) is worthy of consideration . END
returning once again to the schnabel UNK , i am UNK anew by the UNK of this pianist's musical penetration . END
here is truly a `` great recording of the century '' , and its greatness is by no means diminished by the fact that it is not quite perfect . END
this recording surely belongs in everyone's collection . END
must records always sound like records ? ? END
from the beginning of commercial recording , new discs purported to be UNK from the real thing have regularly been put in circulation . END
seen in perspective , many of these releases have a genuine claim to be UNK . END
although lacking absolute UNK , they supply the ear and the imagination with all necessary materials for UNK of the original . END
on the basis of what they give us we can know how the young UNK sang , appreciate the distinctive qualities of UNK under karl UNK baton , or sense the type of ensemble UNK created in his years with the new york philharmonic . END
since the concept of high fidelity became important some dozen years ago , the claims of technical improvements have multiplied UNK . END
in many cases the revolutionary production has offered no more than sensational effects : the first hearing was fascinating and the second UNK as the gap between sound and substance became clearer . END
other innovations with better claims to musical interest survived UNK to acquire in time the status of classics . END
if we return to them today , we have no difficulty UNK their weaknesses but we find them still pleasing . END
records sound like records because they provide a different sort of experience than live music . END
this difference is made up of many factors . END
some of them are obvious , such as the fact that we associate recorded and live music with our responses and behavior in different types of environments and social settings . END
( music often sounds best to me when i can dress informally and sit in something more comfortable than a theatre seat . END
) from the technical standpoint , records differ from live music to the degree that they fail to convey the true color , texture , complexity , range , intensity , pulse , and pitch of the original . END
any alteration of one of these factors is distortion , although we generally use that word only for effects so pronounced that they can be stated quantitatively on the basis of standard tests . END
yet it is the accumulation of distortion , the fitting together of UNK bits until the total reaches the threshold of our awareness , that makes records sound like records . END
the sound may be good ; ; END
but if you know the real thing , you know that what you are hearing is only a clever imitation . END
UNK new brahms second is a major effort to make a record that sounds like a real orchestra rather than a copy of one . END
like the recent UNK from london ( high fidelity , sept. 1961 ) , it is successful because emphasis has been placed on good musical and engineering practices rather than on creating sensational effects . END
because of this , only those with truly fine equipment will be able to appreciate the exact degree of the UNK triumph . END
the easiest way to describe this release is to say that it UNK an interesting and effective steinberg performance with minimal alteration of its musical values . END
the engineering as such never UNK upon your consciousness . END
the effect of the recording is very open and natural , with the frequency emphasis exactly what you would expect from a live performance . END
this absence of UNK UNK and UNK bass not only produces greater fidelity , but it eliminates listener fatigue . END
a contributing factor is the perspective , the uniform aesthetic distance which is maintained . END
the orchestra is far enough away from you that you miss the bow UNK , UNK UNK , and other noises incidental to playing . END
yet you feel the orchestra is near at hand , and the individual instruments have the same firm presence associated with listening from a good seat in an UNK perfect hall . END
command has achieved the ideal amount of UNK . END
the music is always allowed the living space needed to attain its full UNK ; ; END
yet the hall never UNK as a UNK . END
the UNK remains that of the instruments UNK by resonance . END
all of this would be wasted , of course , if the performance lacked authority and musical distinction . END
for me it has more of both elements than the majority of its competitors . END
steinberg seems to have gone directly back to the score , UNK tradition , and has built his performance on the intention to reproduce as faithfully as possible exactly what brahms set down on paper . END
those accustomed to broader , more romantic statements of the symphony can be expected to react strongly when they hear this one . END
without losing the distinctive UNK of UNK rhythm , the pacing is firm and the over-all performance has a tightly knit quality that makes for maximum cumulative effect . END
the UNK ma non UNK of the first trio of the UNK is taken literally and may shock you , as the real UNK con UNK of the finale is likely to bring you to your feet . END
in the end , however , the thing about this performance that is most striking is the way it sings . END
steinberg obviously has concluded that it is the lyric element which must dominate in this score , and he manages at times to create the effect of the whole orchestra bursting into song . END
the engineering provides exactly the support needed for such a result . END
too many records seem to reduce a work of symphonic complexity to a melody and its accompaniment . END
the command technique invites you to listen to the depth of the UNK . END
your ear takes you into the ensemble , and you may well become aware of instrumental details which previously were apparent only in the score . END
it is this sort of experience that makes the concept of high fidelity of real musical significance for the home music listener . END
the first substantially complete stereo giselle ( and the only one of its scope since UNK UNK UNK edition of 1958 for angel ) , this set is , i'm afraid , likely to provide more UNK fascination than enjoyment . END
the already faded UNK UNK of the naive music itself vanish entirely in UNK melodramatic contrasts between UNK brute power and chilly , if UNK , UNK . END
and in its UNK frantic attempts to achieve maximum dynamic impact and UNK brilliance , the recording sounds as though it had been `` doctored for UNK fidelity '' . END
the home listener is UNK , all right , but the experience is a far from pleasant one . END
as with the UNK giselle release ( UNK UNK for rca victor ) i find the cleaner , less UNK UNK version , for all its lack of UNK UNK , the more UNK UNK -- but this may be the result of processing defects in my UNK copies . END
at the westminster kc dog show in madison square garden , new york on the second day , the finals of the junior class brought out the most competitive competition in the history of this class . END
the class had entries from as far west as wisconsin and as far south as kentucky . END
this year several entries from canada were entered which made the junior class international . END
UNK of the 53 juniors who mailed in entries were present . END
it was interesting to note that many of these juniors were showing dogs in various other classes at the show prior to the finals of the junior class . END
as has been the custom for the past several years , john cross , jr. , bench show UNK of westminster , arranged for the UNK meeting before the class , and invited two speakers from the dog world to address them . END
over 60 juniors , parents and guests attended . END
mrs. william h. long , jr. speaks END
after the juniors were welcomed and UNK for UNK for the finals of the junior class , mrs. william h. long , jr. was introduced as the first speaker . END
in her opening remarks mrs. long also welcomed the juniors and stated , `` there isn't any other show quite like westminster . END
i know because this is my UNK year with hardly a break . END
mrs. long still feels the same unique spirit of westminster which she stated the present juniors will experience today but probably will not appreciate in full for a number of years . END
twenty years ago her daughter UNK long , then 13 years of age , won the grand challenge trophy , children's handling class ( as they were called then ) at westminster . END
no sooner had UNK come out of the ring than mrs. long walked into the working competition with UNK cadet or UNK , another UNK product , and won ! ! END
speaking from long years of experience , mrs. long advised the juniors : `` when showing dogs UNK to be fun and excitement , stop ! ! END
dogs have a way of sensing our feelings ! ! END
when you and your dog step into the junior ring , it should be just what the dog wants to do as much as what you want him to do . END
if you walk into the ring because it is fun to show your dog , he will feel it and give you a good performance ! ! END
he knows your signals , what is expected of him and the way the class is conducted , right up through the UNK of the photographers '' . END
right attitude essential ! ! END
`` take away your attitude '' , said mrs. long , `` and what have you left ? ? END
either a nervous dog because you are UNK with rage -- a sure sign that you are taking things too seriously and had better stop ! ! END
or a bored dog because you are more interested in something else -- maybe the way you look , or the date you have after the class , or you are just doing this to please the parents . END
`` the reason you are in the ring today is to show your ability to present to any judge the most attractive picture of your dog that the skillful use of your aids can produce . END
aids sounds more like a pony club , or UNK classes -- riding a horse and showing a dog are very similar ! ! END
`` your aids are your attitude , which comes through your voice , your hands and legs -- voice to encourage , discourage or whatever the need may be ; ; END
hands to guide or restrain ; ; END
legs to produce motion and rate of speed . END
without right attitude the other aids just do not work right '' . END
mrs. long wished all the juniors luck in the class and stated , `` have fun ! ! END
and may you all continue to show at westminster in the years to come '' ! ! END
harvey barcus , second speaker END
the second speaker was harvey barcus , president of the dog writers UNK of america . END
mr. barcus spoke on the subject of scholarships for juniors -- with which he is very familiar . END
last year a boy he knows and helped in journalism won the UNK racing UNK scholarship which is worth $10,000 . END
he gave a resume of the steps taken in order for the boy he sponsored to win the scholarship . END
`` junior showmanship is an extremely worthy project and should be earnestly encouraged '' ! ! END
is one of mr. UNK strong beliefs . END
he feels very UNK that the american UNK club should take a more active part in encouraging the junior division ! ! END
in closing , mr. barcus also wished all the juniors luck in their class . END
instead of 3 a.m. in the past , the juniors class at westminster was held at UNK p.m. . END
this gave the juniors the use of the entire ring at the show -- a great advantage to them ! ! END
before the juniors entered the ring the UNK announced that after all juniors had moved their dogs around the ring and set them up , they could relax with their dogs . END
from there on , each junior was going to be judged individually . END
this thoughtful gesture was well received by the juniors as the class had an entry of 46 juniors and it took approximately one hour , 45 minutes to judge the class . END
anne UNK rogers judges 28th finals END
this year anne UNK rogers , outstanding handler , judged the class . END
this is the third time in 28 years of junior showmanship at westminster that a lady handler has judged the class . END
as the juniors entered the ring , mr. spring , the UNK , stated over the UNK system that this was the 28th year that westminster has held the finals of the junior competition . END
juniors UNK last year at american UNK club and canadian UNK club , recognized shows to be eligible to compete in this class -- the finals for the year . END
a junior who won two or more wins in the open class was eligible . END
( the purpose of the junior showmanship competition is to teach and encourage juniors to become good sportsmen . END
many adults showing at westminster today are products of this class . END
it seemed an almost impossible job for miss rogers to select 4 UNK from the 46 juniors entered . END
a large number of these juniors have 7 and 8 wins to their credit and are seasoned UNK . END
after the judge moved all the dogs individually , she selected several from the group and placed them in the center of the ring . END
she then went over them thoroughly giving each a strenuous test in showmanship . END
international champion of the year END
UNK lou ham , age 16 , UNK , mass. , showing an irish UNK , was chosen as international champion of the year . END
she was awarded the professional UNK UNK leonard UNK , sr. memorial trophy ( named for the UNK of the junior classes . END
UNK is 16 years of age and had several wins to her credit last year . END
in addition to showing an irish UNK throughout the year , she also scored with an UNK . END
sydney le UNK , age 15 , staten island , n.y. , showing a UNK UNK , was UNK . END
susan UNK , age 14 , from baltimore , md. , showing a UNK , was 3rd . END
last year susan also placed 3rd in the finals at westminster . END
from the records we keep -- susan is the only junior who has placed in the junior classes in both united states and canada . END
UNK UNK , age 16 , UNK , UNK , showing a UNK was 4th . END
most juniors who were entered in the finals are seasoned UNK and not only show and win in junior classes but score in the breed classes as well . END
entries increasing -- requirements raised END
in 1960 , there were UNK entries in the junior classes . END
each year these shows have increased in entries . END
next year 1962 , at westminster , the bench show committee has raised the requirements so that a junior must win 3 or more junior classes in the open division only to qualify for westminster . END
UNK roberts , a leading judge will not be at the international show this year for the junior judging contest as he has been invited to judge in australia in march . END
judging class for intermediates proposed END
it has been suggested many times that a class be set up for the juniors who are UNK and cannot enter the junior classes . END
for some time this writer has been suggesting a junior judging class for intermediates over 16 and under 20 years of age who are UNK to compete in the junior class . END
such a class was tried out successfully at the westchester kc show recently . END
not only were the contestants pleased with the class , but it aroused the interest of all in attendance that day . END
the intermediates in the class with the judge were asked to pick 4 UNK and give their reasons but their decisions did not affect the choice of the judge . END
we suggested this class in the horse world and it was accepted immediately and included in the programs of horse shows . END
at the recent horse show convention in new york it was stated that this intermediate judging class is meeting with great success and will be a great help to future judges in the horse world . END
this class can be just as successful in the dog world if it is given a chance . END
last year robert harris , a leading junior handler entered the dog judging contest ( junior ) at the international kc of chicago show and had the highest score in judging of any junior since the UNK inception . END
juniors who attend this chicago show should make a point to enter this class as it would be of great help to them . END
more volunteer UNK needed to judge END
UNK at dog shows state it is becoming more difficult to obtain a licensed handler to judge junior showmanship competition . END
the founder of the junior showmanship competition the late leonard UNK , sr. ( for whom the trophy is named after at westminster ) was an outstanding handler and believed a junior should have an opportunity to exhibit in a dog show starting with the junior showmanship division . END
some years ago this class was judged by UNK who knew nothing of what was required of a UNK ability to show a dog . END
to overcome this unfair judging , the UNK requires that a licensed handler be present to judge the class . END
if the UNK do not receive more cooperation from UNK , it has been suggested that licensed judges also be qualified to judge this class . END
by recognizing and helping juniors get interested in the dog world , all will be helping to create future dog owners . END
the UNK terrier club of america and the UNK blue terrier club of america have under consideration UNK UNK to the boys or girls who win with their UNK in junior showmanship competition at any show . END
the kansas city and the UNK UNK are arranging that juniors who win at their shows will be qualified to win points for westminster . END
the rio UNK kc is also considering having their junior classes set up so that juniors can qualify with points for westminster . END
the american UNK club is still continuing to UNK UNK to juniors who win at junior showmanship classes with UNK . END
traveling through the south -- over UNK miles -- with two great danes , an UNK , and a persian kitten , we've worked up a regular routine for acceptance at motels . END
my husband enters the motel office , signs up for a room , and then solemnly asks the UNK if he accepts pets . END
`` UNK '' ? ? END
comes the suspicious question . END
`` no '' , he replies , `` full grown , adult show dogs , UNK , and UNK '' . END
we've never been refused ! ! END
once settled , we're careful to walk the dogs in an out of the way spot , keep them under control in the room , and feed and bench them where they can't do any harm to the furnishings or the furniture . END
in the morning we leave the room looking as neat as a pin ! ! END
many a motel owner -- when we've stopped there again -- has remembered us and has said he preferred our dogs to most children . END
so many times i have wondered why UNK do not wipe the table clean before each new UNK patient is placed on it for examination . END
is it that they don't care ? ? END
are they indifferent to the fact that the dog can easily pick up UNK from the preceding patient ? ? END
at one time , to most americans , unless they were fortunate enough to live near a body of UNK water , boats were considered the sole concern of fishermen , rich people , and the united states navy . END
today the recreational boating scene is UNK with heartening statistics which prove the enormous growth of that sport . END
there are more than UNK recreational boats in use in the united states with almost UNK the prediction for within the next decade . END
about UNK people participated in boating in 1960 . END
boating has become a giant whose strides cover the entire nation from sea to shining sea . END
boats are operated in every state in the union , with the UNK concentrations along both coasts and in the middle west . END
the spectacular UNK in pleasure boating is markedly evident , UNK , in the areas where boats have always been found : the natural lakes , rivers , and along the nation's UNK . END
but during the last several years boats were launched in areas where , a short time ago , the only water to be found was in wells and watering UNK for livestock . END
developed as a result of the UNK resources control program of the government , vast , man-made bodies of water represent a kind of glorious fringe benefit , providing boating and fishing UNK all over the country . END
no matter how determined or wealthy boating lovers of the southwest had been , for example , they could never have created anything approaching the fifty UNK lake UNK , located between texas and oklahoma , which resulted when the UNK of army engineers UNK the red river . END
in 1959 , according to the engineers , lake UNK was only one of UNK artificial lakes and UNK which were used for recreation by over UNK persons . END
where an opportunity to enjoy boating has not been created by bringing bodies of water to the people , means have been found to take the people and their boats to the water . END
providing these means are about ninety companies which manufactured the estimated UNK boat trailers now in use . END
it is a simple task to haul a boat fifty or one hundred miles to a lake or reservoir on the new , light , strong , UNK trailers which are built to accommodate almost any kind of small boat and retail from $100 to $2,000 . END
the sight of UNK UNK , UNK , and UNK being wheeled smartly along highways many miles from any water is commonplace . END
UNK lucky enough to have facilities for year-'round UNK for their craft , will recall the tedious procedure of loading their gear into the car , driving to the water , and making trip after trip to transfer the gear to the boat . END
today , the boat , on its trailer , is brought to the gear and loaded at the door . END
arriving at the UNK , the boat is launched , the family taken aboard and , that easily , another day afloat is begun . END
and trailers for boats are not what they started out to be ten years ago . END
this year , americans will discover previously UNK of refinements in trailers that will be exhibited in about one hundred of our nation's national , regional and local boat shows . END
the boats of america's trailer sailors in 1961 will be UNK on clouds as they are hauled to new horizons . END
the variety of craft on the country's waters today is overwhelming . END
they range from an UNK UNK , which you can build yourself for less than $50 , to auxiliary UNK which can cost over $100,000 . END
boat prices vary according to the UNK desires or needs . END
in this respect , boats can be compared with houses . END
there is no limit to what you can spend , yet it is easily possible to keep within a set budget . END
there is no question as to just what is available . END
you name it , our industry is producing it , and it probably is made in different models . END
there are UNK ideal for fishing in protected waters or for camping trips . END
there are UNK which are literally homes afloat , UNK whole families in comfort and convenience . END
you can cross an ocean in a fully equipped craft , sail , power , or both , or UNK away a fine day in a small UNK on a local pond . END
you may have your boat of wood , canvas , plywood , plastic , or metal . END
you may order utility models , UNK or outboard , with or without toilets , galleys , and bunks . END
you may dress it up with any number of accessories or keep it as simple as you choose . END
designers and manufacturers have produced models for purchasers who run the gamut from a UNK version of the elderly pasadena lady who never drove more than five miles an hour on her UNK ride around the block , to the UNK UNK who insists on all the dash , color , flair and speed possible to encompass in a single boat . END
you pay your money and you take your choice . END
american technology in engine and hull design is largely responsible for the plentiful interest in american boating . END
i wonder if anyone ever bothered to make the point that when it comes to boats and their motors , americans UNK over any country in the world in the long run . END
russia , whose technology is not quite primitive , is still in the dark ages when it comes to improving the outboard motor , for instance . END
now here is truly a marvel . END
the outboard engine of today has a UNK range of one to 80 horsepower , UNK of a few years ago for a two cycle engine in quantity production . END
these engines can be removed from a boat with relative ease , wherein lies their greatest advantage . END
their cost is not beyond the hopes of the american UNK , the range being about $150 to $1,000 , depending on size . END
great thought has been given to making life easier for the growing boating population of the country ; ; END
and to making the UNK of a boat simpler . END
there was a time when , if a man wanted to purchase a boat , it was necessary for him to be able to produce a UNK amount of cash before he could touch the UNK or wheel . END
having a boat financed through a local bank is done much the same way as an automobile loan is extended . END
marine dealers and even some manufacturers who sell direct in UNK areas cooperate in enabling you to launch now and pay later . END
terms range from one to five years and the interest rates and down payments run about the same as for automobiles . END
of course , individual financing arrangements depend a good deal on the UNK earning power , credit rating and local bank policy . END
outboard motors , insurance , and boat repairs may also be financed in the same way as boats . END
terms and rates of interest for motors generally follow those for home appliances . END
when the automobile was in its UNK stage , such roads as existed were pretty much open roads with the UNK understanding that horses should not be unduly terrified being about the only rule governing where , when and how fast a car could go . END
when air travel was in its infancy , the sky was considered big enough and high enough for all . END
man had enough to worry about managing to get up there and stay without being burdened with rules once UNK . END
it was much the same with pleasure boating at first . END
come one , come all , the water's fine ! ! END
as the UNK days of the automobile and the airplane are long since relegated to the past , so is the carefree attitude toward what a UNK may and may not do ; ; END
must and should do . END
however , there is a minimum of legislative restriction on boating . END
laws on boating vary according to the state in which the craft is to be used and according to its horsepower . END
what may be acceptable in one state may be strictly prohibited across the boundary line . END
the main requirement is to be sure the boat is numbered according to the regulations of the state in which the boat will be principally used . END
if your state has no provisions for the numbering of pleasure boats , you must apply for a number from the u.s. coast guard for any kind of boat with mechanical propulsion rated at more than 10 horsepower before it can be used on federal UNK . END
state numbering laws differ from each other in many ways . END
fees are not the same and some states do not require certain craft , such as UNK with no power , to be registered at all . END
many states have laws regulating the use of boat trailers and some have restrictions regarding the age of motor boat operators . END
generally , states reserve for communities the right to have local UNK regulating speed and other activities . END
it is always wise to consult your marine dealer , local yacht or boat club secretary , or local law enforcement officers if you are not positive what the regulations are . END
ignorance of the law is no better excuse on the water than it is on land ; ; END
lack of ability and common sense can lead to just as much tragedy . END
hand in hand with the legislative program is the industry's self originated and directed safety program . END
UNK the possible threats to safety with the rapid growth of the sport , the industry has been supporting an intense , coordinated educational program with great success since 1947 . END
a primary factor in the success of the safety program has been the enthusiastic cooperation of the individual manufacturers . END
the industry has been its own watch dog . END
with u.s. coast guard cooperation , the american boat and yacht council was formed to develop recommended practices and standards for boats and their equipment with reference to safety . END
industry interest in safety goes even farther . END
in 1959 , the yacht safety bureau was reorganized by the national association of engine and boat manufacturers and a group of insurance underwriters to provide a testing laboratory and labeling service for boats and their equipment . END
a new waterfront site for the bureau is now being built at atlantic city , new jersey , to provide the most modern marine testing facilities as a further tool to keep the sport safe . END
in addition to these activities , the UNK , with headquarters at UNK lexington avenue , new york city , as well as other associations and individual manufacturers , provide and distribute films , UNK , and public services in regard to proper boat handling and safety afloat . END
it is important to note the work of the united states power UNK and the u.s. coast guard auxiliary . END
each of these fine groups gives free boating classes in UNK UNK and small boat handling . END
these are not UNK subsidized organizations . END
this year , over 100,000 persons will receive this free instruction . END
as america on wheels was responsible for an industry of motor courts , motels , and drive-in establishments where you can UNK , see a movie , shop , or make a bank deposit , the UNK number of boating UNK have UNK industries designed especially to accommodate them . END
instead of motels , for the UNK there are marinas . END
the word marina was UNK by UNK originally to describe a waterfront facility where recreational boats could find protection and basic needs to lay over in relative comfort . END
currently , marina is used to indicate a municipal or commercially operated facility where a pleasure boat may dock and find some or all of the following available : gasoline , fresh water , electricity , telephone service , ice , repair facilities , restaurants , sleeping accommodations , a general store , and a grocery store . END
UNK , a relatively new word , indicates a waterfront type of hotel where a UNK may dock and find overnight accommodations on the premises as well as other services . END
UNK has a similar meaning to UNK . END
it indicates the same thing but it is meant to UNK more specifically to establishments designed to cater to smaller type boats such as UNK . END
regardless of nomenclature , UNK and UNK are marinas . END
UNK which also provide some of the above facilities may UNK be called marinas . END
a recent survey disclosed there are about UNK commercially and UNK operated marinas and UNK in the united states , the majority of which are equipped to handle outboard boats . END
the design of a mechanical interlocking frame is much like a mechanical puzzle , but once understood , the principles can be applied to any track and signal arrangement . END
in the frame are two sets of bars which UNK with each other to prevent the operator from making dangerous moves . END
the main set of bars are the `` tappets '' and one tappet is connected to each lever . END
if the lever is pulled to clear a signal or move a switch , the tappet moves a short distance lengthwise at the same time . END
close behind the plane of the tappets are the locking bars . END
these can also move a short distance but at right angles to the tappets . END
the number of locking bars required depends on how many false moves must be prevented . END
in the sides of the tappets are notches with sloping sides , and connection between the tappets and locking bars consist of UNK called `` dogs '' . END
two or more dogs are mounted on each locking bar . END
these slide into and out of the notches in the tappets as the tappets are moved , locking and UNK them . END
here's how the scheme works : suppose the operator pulls the lever to clear a particular signal . END
this also pulls the tappet connected to the particular lever and forces any dogs seated in the notches to the side , thus moving one or more locking bars . END
the dogs on the other ends of these locking bars are thus forced into notches in other tappets . END
by this scheme , pulling one signal to clear locks all the other switch and signal levers in safe positions until the first signal is again restored to normal . END
interlocking signals are normally at stop or `` red '' position , and a lever must be pulled to `` clear '' the signal . END
this is not necessarily to green , however , for in some situations only a yellow indication is given to a train to let it into the `` plant '' . END
there are other basic rules . END
a UNK may have two levers , one to actually move the switch points , the other to lock the points . END
a signal cannot be cleared until all the related UNK are properly thrown and locked . END
such locks are nearly always used where the switch points `` face '' UNK traffic . END
the lock UNK that the points are thrown all the way with no chance that a wheel UNK will UNK on a partly thrown point . END
if the points aren't thrown all the way , the UNK cannot be locked , and in turn , the signal cannot be cleared . END
generally , these locks on UNK are called `` facing point locks '' . END
figs. UNK show typical arrangements of track and signals . END
each diagram is accompanied by a `` dog chart '' , a list of the levers that show which other levers any particular lever will lock if pulled . END
the lines connecting the UNK dogs represent the locking bars at right angles to the tappet bars . END
by studying the UNK diagrams you'll note several other details . END
UNK -- mechanical track devices that actually guide the wheels off the rails if a train passes a `` stop '' signal -- are used in many instances . END
`` home '' signals have two blades . END
the UNK blades indicate a fixed aspect -- the blade does not move . END
as an engineer approaches the plant the position of the home signal is seen in advance when he passes the `` distant '' signal located beyond the limits of the interlocking plant . END
in some UNK situations , the distant signal is fixed at caution . END
in other instances where there is no automatic block signaling , the distant has only green and yellow aspects . END
so much for the UNK . END
the interlocking frame we built at the model UNK workshop and then installed on paul UNK railroad follows the fig. 1 scheme and is shown beginning in fig. 7 , page 65 , and in the photos . END
here's how it can be built . END
the sizes of pieces needed for the interlocking frame are shown in the notes within fig. 7 , most of the bars being 1/8'' '' brass in 1/4'' '' and 1/2'' '' widths . END
you may change the dimensions to suit a frame for more or fewer levers and locks as you wish . END
our instructions assume you are building this particular frame , which is for a junction . END
when cutting the pieces , dress the ends smooth , and square with a smooth file or UNK disk . END
start with the right-hand piece `` b '' , af , UNK it to the lower piece `` a '' of the same material but 12'' '' long . END
let exactly UNK '' of `` a '' extend beyond `` b '' and use a square to check your angle to exactly 90 degrees . END
now lay 12 pieces of af cut UNK '' long side by side but separated by 12 pieces of the same material 1/2'' '' sq. . END
this gives you the spacing for locating the left-hand piece `` b '' . END
UNK the assembly when you make the mark to show the location for `` b '' . END
solder this second `` b '' to `` a '' at right angles . END
there should be UNK '' between the two parallel members and each should be UNK '' from an end of the long piece . END
cap this assembly ( with spacing bars in place ) with a af bar . END
UNK all the 1/2'' '' sq. pieces to the UNK '' and 12'' '' members . END
these will be drilled and tapped later on . END
now cut five af locking bar spacers ( which run UNK ) . END
position these using six intermediate temporary af spacers and locate the upper 12'' '' bar `` a '' . END
solder it and the five locking bar spacers to the frame . END
now place 12 pieces 1/2'' '' sq. on this edge as we did before and space them with the UNK '' long `` tappets '' , as they are called . END
cap with a af bar and UNK in place . END
cap the locking bar spacers with two af directly under the first two `` b '' pieces . END
remove all the loose spacing bars . END
mark and UNK all the holes required for screws to hold this assembly together . END
placement of these holes is not critical , but they should be located so that the centers are about 1/8'' '' from any edge . END
drill all no. 50 and UNK all except the `` a '' pieces size 43 . END
tap the `` a '' pieces 2-56 . END
now UNK and UNK the frame except for the two 12'' '' and the first two UNK '' bars ( `` a '' and `` b '' pieces ) , which are UNK together . END
either lay the components aside in proper order or code them with numbers and letters so they may be replaced in their proper positions . END
dress all surfaces with a file , cleaning off all solder and drilling UNK . END
drill 20 no. 47 holes in the upper piece `` a '' as shown in fig. 7 . END
tap these UNK for mounting the electrical contact later on . END
note , 6 and 8 lock levers don't require holes for contacts . END
now UNK the frame , using af UNK steel screws and nuts . END
put the 12 tappets and some af locking bar spacers in the frame to help UNK all the components before you UNK the screws . END
be sure the tappets are not pinched by a twisted 1/2'' '' sq. UNK . END
as an anchor for the spring lock , insert a af bar in the lower left corner of the frame as shown in fig. 7 . END
drill a no. 43 hole through the pieces and secure with a 2-56 nut and screw . END
drill two no. 50 holes , one in the insert and one in the locking bar UNK directly above it , and tap 2-56 . END
number all the tappet bars before removing them so they can be replaced in the same slots . END
remove all other loose pieces and file the edges of the basic frame smooth . END
cut five pieces of af brass bar stock UNK '' long . END
these are supporting members for the short locking bars . END
locate their positions in fig. 7 and drill no. 43 to match the corresponding holes in the frame . END
cut off excess screw lengths and file flush with either frame or nut . END
drill four no. 19 and four no. 28 holes in the 12'' '' long `` a '' pieces . END
locate the position from fig. 7 . END
UNK no. 1 tappet to a smooth fit in its respective slot and square the ends . END
break the end corners with a slight 45 degree UNK . END
drill a no. 50 hole UNK '' from one end and tap 2-56 . END
( see fig. 7 . END
) put a 2-56 UNK screw into the hole , cut off the excess threads and file flush with the underside of the bar . END
to find the other stop screw position , insert the tappet into the frame and hold the screw head tight against the frame edge . END
scribe a line across the bar on the other end of the tappet , 1/4'' '' plus half the diameter of the 2-56 screw head ( about UNK '' ) away from the frame edge . END
total distance is about UNK '' . END
tend to make this dimension slightly UNK so you can file the screw head to get exactly 1/4'' '' tappet movement . END
drill a no. 50 hole , tap 2-56 and insert a UNK 2-56 screw as you did on the first end . END
drill a no. 47 hole UNK through the tappet at the position shown in figs. 7 and 8 . END
repeat these drill and tap operations for each of the tappet bars . END
to each tappet except 6 and 8 , solder a af piece of brass and file to the tapered shape shown in figs. 6 and 8 . END
these will serve as lifting pads for the electrical contacts . END
fitting the locking bars and making the locking pieces is a rather tedious job since stop screws , tappets and locking bars must be removed and replaced many times . END
as the work progresses the frame and moving parts become a sort of chinese puzzle where several pieces must be removed before the part you are working on is accessible . END
a little extra work here will pay off with a smooth , UNK machine when you are finished . END
each completed locking bar should remain in place as the work progresses to insure UNK fitting . END
the order of fitting is not too important . END
however , we started with the first row of bars and worked our way back . END
since the same method of shaping and fitting the dogs and notches is used throughout , we will only describe the construction of one locking bar . END
figs. 7 and 8 give all pertinent dimensions . END
all the bars are cut from af brass . END
the lengths of each piece are listed at the bottom of fig. 7 . END
bar `` c '' is UNK '' long . END
UNK the edges , square up the ends and put a slight UNK on the edges so they will not UNK in the frame . END
fig. 8 gives the dimensions for locating the UNK holes . END
UNK and drill the no. 31 hole UNK '' from one end of the bar . END
chuck a length of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod into a drill press or some similar turning device and while it is rotating file the end square and then file a slight UNK 1/8'' '' long . END
cut the piece about UNK '' or UNK '' long and drive it into the no. 31 hole drilled in the locking bar . END
file the bottom edge flush with the bar and the top 1/8'' '' above the bar . END
this dog will engage a notch to be cut in tappet 3 . END
place the locking bar in proper position and insert tappet 3 . END
scribe a line through the center of the pin and across the face of tappet 3 , parallel to piece `` a '' . END
see the drawings for the shape of the notch . END
scribe v-shaped lines on the bar and rough out with either a UNK saw or a cutting disk in a hand power tool . END
we used the latter equipped with a UNK disk about END
'' thick and UNK '' dia. fitted on a 1/8'' '' dia. UNK . END
such disks are very handy for cutting and shaping small parts . END
file to a smooth finish . END
a UNK swiss pattern file is handy since its triangular shape with only one cutting face will allow you to work a surface without UNK an adjoining one . END
endeavor to get the notches as much alike as possible . END
the notch should have a smooth finish so that the steel dog will slide easily over it . END
assemble the parts in the frame and test the sliding action of the mating pieces . END
all matching surfaces should be checked frequently and mated on a cut and fit basis . END
chuck a UNK '' or UNK '' piece of 1/8'' '' dia. drill rod in a drill press or electric hand tool . END
fashion a sharp UNK point about UNK '' long on one end , using swiss pattern files . END
this tool can also be made with a UNK . END
scientists say that the world and everything in it are based on mathematics . END
without math the men who are continually seeking the causes of and the reasons for the many things that make the world go 'round would not have any means of analyzing , UNK , and communicating the things they discover and learn . END
math and the formulas that allow it to be applied to different problems are , therefore , essential to any scientific endeavor . END
hot rodding is a science . END
it's not a science as involved as determining what makes the earth UNK on its axis or building a rocket or putting a satellite into orbit but it is , nevertheless , a science . END
but because science is based on mathematics doesn't mean that a hot UNK must necessarily be a UNK . END
a guy can be an active and successful hot UNK for years without becoming even remotely involved with mathematical problems ; ; END
however , he will have a clearer understanding of what he is doing and the chances are he will be more successful if he understands the few formulas that apply to rodding . END
a mathematical formula is nothing more than a pattern for solving a specific problem . END
it places the various factors involved in the problem in their correct order in relation to each other so that the influence of factors on each other can be computed . END
the first step in using a formula is to insert the numerical values of the factors involved in their correct positions in the formula . END
this changes the formula to an `` equation '' . END
the equation is used for the mathematical process of solving the problem . END
equations for rodding formulas are not complicated . END
they involve only simple mathematics that are taught in grammar school arithmetic classes . END
however , it is essential that the various mathematical symbols used in the equations be understood so that the mathematical processes can be done properly and in their correct order . END
they indicate simple division , multiplication , subtraction , and addition . END
the symbol for division is a straight line that UNK two numbers placed one above the other . END
the lower number is always divided into the upper number : af END
the symbol for multiplication is `` UNK '' . END
it is used to separate two or more numbers in a row . END
for example : af . END
numbers to be multiplied together may be multiplied in any order . END
the result will be the same regardless of the order used . END
the symbol for subtraction is the standard minus sign . END
this is nothing more than a dash . END
it UNK two or more numbers . END
the number on the right of the symbol is always subtracted from the number on the left of the symbol . END
for example : af . END
when more than two figures are separated by subtraction symbols the subtraction must be carried out from the left to right if the result is to be correct . END
for example , for the problem af , 10 from 25 equals 15 , then 6 from 15 equals 9 . END
addition is indicated by the UNK symbol . END
the symbol is used to separate two or more numbers . END
for example : af . END
numbers separated by addition symbols may be placed in any order . END
when solving an equation that involves division as well as other steps , do all the division steps first to reduce those parts of the equation to their numerical value . END
multiplication , subtraction , and addition can then be accomplished as they appear in the equation by starting at the left end of the equation and working toward the right . END
completing the division first also includes those division parts that require multiplication , subtraction , or addition steps : af . END
this would be reduced by multiplying 8 times 6 and then dividing the product by 12 . END
this part of the equation would then become 4 . END
for use in formulas , fractions should be converted to their UNK equivalents . END
the easiest way to do this is with a conversion chart . END
charts for this purpose are available from many sources . END
they are included in all types of mathematical UNK and they are stamped on some types of precision measuring instruments . END
the various mathematical processes can be simplified by carrying the results to only two or three UNK places . END
UNK the results in this manner will not have any detrimental effect on the accuracy of the final result . END
some formulas contain `` constants '' . END
a constant is a number that remains the same regardless of the other numbers used in the formula and the resultant equation . END
it is a number without which the equation cannot be solved correctly . END
rodding formulas apply to many phases of the sport . END
the answers they give can often UNK the way to performance increases and , quite often , are necessary for completing entry UNK for different events . END
when it is needed , one formula is as important as another . END
however , some formulas are used more than others . END
we'll take them in the general order of their popularity . END
a UNK should be able to compute the displacement of his engine . END
displacement is sometimes referred to as `` swept volume '' . END
most entry UNK for competitive events require engine displacement information because of class restrictions . END
it is good to be able to compute displacement so that changes in it resulting from boring and UNK can be computed . END
factors involved in the displacement formula are the bore diameter of the UNK cylinders , the length of the piston stroke , the number of cylinders in the engine , and a constant . END
the constant is , which is UNK of UNK , another constant known as `` UNK '' . END
UNK is used in formulas concerned with the dimensions of circles . END
actually , the engine displacement formula is the standard formula for computing the volume of a cylinder of any type with an added factor that represents the number of cylinders in the engine . END
the cross-sectional area of the cylinders is determined and then the volume of the individual cylinders is computed by multiplying the area by the stroke length , which is the equivalent of the length of the cylinders . END
multiplying the result by the number of cylinders in the engine gives the UNK total displacement . END
the formula is : af . END
dimensions in inches , and fractions of inches will give the displacement in cubic inches . END
dimensions in centimeters and fractions of centimeters will give the displacement in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) . END
one inch equals UNK centimeters : one cubic inch equals UNK cubic centimeters . END
for example , let's consider a standard UNK cubic inch UNK aj . END
these engines have a cylinder diameter of UNK inches and a stroke length of 3 inches . END
the formula , with the fractions converted to UNK , becomes af . END
to arrive at the answer , multiply the numbers together by starting at the left of the group and working to the right . END
the different steps will look like this : af END
a UNK compression ratio is computed by comparing the UNK volume , or its displacement , with the total volume of the cylinder and its combustion chamber . END
cylinder volume can be determined mathematically but combustion chamber volume must be measured with a liquid . END
cylinder volume is determined in exactly the same manner as for the displacement formula : af . END
to measure the volume of one of the combustion chambers in the cylinder head , install the valves and spark plug in the chamber and support the head so that its gasket surface is level . END
then pour water or light oil from a graduated UNK into the chamber to fill the chamber to its gasket surface . END
do not UNK the chamber . END
this is possible with water and other liquids that have a high surface tension . END
such liquids will rise to a considerable height above the surface around the chamber before they will flow out of the chamber . END
the amount of liquid poured into the chamber is determined by UNK the quantity still in the UNK when the chamber is full from the original quantity . END
most UNK are graduated in cubic centimeters ( cc. ) , making it necessary to convert the result to cubic inches . END
however , the displacement of the cylinder can be converted to cubic centimeters . END
the compression ratio arrived at with the formula will be the same regardless of whether cubic inches or cubic centimeters are used . END
the only precaution is that all volumes used in the formula be quoted in the same terms . END
the volume of the cylinder opening in the head gasket must be computed by multiplying its area in square inches by the UNK thickness in UNK of an inch . END
sometimes it is necessary to roughly calculate the square inch area of the opening but the calculation can usually be made with sufficient accuracy that it won't affect the final computation . END
the volume of the opening is added to the combustion chamber volume . END
another thing that must be taken into consideration is the volume of the area between the top of the piston and the top of the cylinder block when the piston is in top dead center position . END
compute this volume by measuring the distance from the top of the block to the piston head as accurately as possible with a depth UNK or some other precision measuring device and then multiply the area of the cylinder by the depth . END
the formula for this step is : af . END
this volume is added to the total volume of the combustion chamber and head gasket opening . END
the total of these three volumes is the `` final combustion chamber volume '' . END
after the factors just described have been computed , they are applied to the following formula : af END
for an example let's dream up an engine that has a final combustion chamber volume of 5 cubic inches and a cylinder volume of 45 cubic inches . END
applying these figures to the formula we get the equation : af . END
the compression ratio is 10 to 1 . END
this method of computing compression ratio cannot be used accurately for engines that have UNK with either UNK or irregularly shaped heads . END
any irregularity on the piston heads will make it impossible , with normal means , to determine the final combustion chamber volume because the volume UNK by the piston heads cannot be readily computed . END
the only way to determine the final combustion chamber volume when such UNK are used is by measuring it with liquid while the cylinder head is bolted to the cylinder block and the piston is in top dead center position . END
gear ratio -- speed relationships END
there are four versions of the formula that involves the relationships of car speed , engine speed , rear axle gear ratio , and rear tire size . END
by using the appropriate version any one of these factors can be determined for any combination of the other three . END
to simplify the formulas a representative symbol is substituted for each of the factors . END
, for engine UNK speed END
, for rear axle gear ratio END
tire size can be determined in several ways but the one that is the easiest and as accurate as any is by measuring the effective radius of a wheel and tire assembly . END
this is done by measuring the distance from the surface on which the tire is resting to the center of the rear axle shaft . END
a tire must be UNK to its normal hot operating pressure and the car must be loaded to its operating weight when this measurement is made . END
the measurement must be in inches . END
any fraction of an inch involved in the measurement must be converted to a UNK equivalent to simplify the mathematics . END
when tire size is measured in this manner a constant of UNK is used in the formula . END
to determine car speed for a given combination of engine speed , gear ratio , and tire size , the formula is : af . END
for an engine speed of 5000 rpm , a gear ratio of UNK to 1 , and a tire radius of 13 inches , the equation would look like this : af END
to determine engine speed for a given combination of the other three factors the formula is : af . END
using the same figures as for the previous example , the equation becomes : af END
to determine the rear axle gear ratio for a combination of the other three factors , the formula is : af . END
using the figures from the previous examples , the equation becomes : af . END
UNK , fla. , feb. 2 END
-- the best 2-year-old pacing mile up to date at ben white UNK has been that of mary liner ( UNK ellen ) , a member of the dick williams stable , who was UNK UNK . END
she is owned by ralph h. UNK , milwaukee , UNK , who , according to the UNK , can feel justly proud of her . END
other good miles have been by UNK ( dale UNK hanover ) and prompt time ( UNK time ) in UNK ; ; END
UNK gal ( UNK hanover ) UNK ; ; END
UNK hanover ( tar UNK hanover ) and UNK ( tar UNK byrd ) in 2:34 . END
UNK hanover is outstanding in type and UNK -- good body , plenty of heart UNK , stands straight on his legs on excellent feet -- and has the UNK gait . END
this colt is behind most of the other UNK in the simpson stable but can show about as much pace as any of them . END
UNK shows improvement with each UNK and looks the makings of a good brood mare after winning her share of races . END
UNK ( UNK UNK hanover ) , 2:34 , looks quite promising . END
fury hanover ( hoot UNK ) , caper ( hoot UNK hanover ) and isaac ( hoot UNK hanover ) has been working together but have not UNK their best work done some weeks ago . END
fury and caper worked in 2:35 and did it with ease . END
they are two good colts of different type . END
fury is UNK and on the UNK side , and caper is more the compact type . END
i have never seen caper off his feet -- he seems to know nothing but ' trot ' and keeps trying a little harder if asked to do so . END
fury has made a few mistakes but looks like a wonderful prospect , with his impressive gait and stride which certainly make him cover the ground . END
UNK ( UNK lady ) has worked a mile in UNK . END
it took this colt several weeks to strike a pace . END
then , after UNK , he was eased up for a couple of weeks . END
he has thrived on all he has gone through and looks the makings of a good little race horse . END
thor hanover ( UNK hanover ) is a wonderful looking prospect and another good individual , with solid , rugged UNK , good , flat bone and excellent feet . END
this colt arrived at the UNK early last november , and immediately was put into harness and UNK for a few days , and then put to cart and broken in very nicely , knowing nothing but trot . END
he appeared in the hopples about november 14 , was treated for worms on the 18th , the latter date being the first time he struck a real pace . END
on december 5 he paced a mile in 55 on the UNK , out in third position all the way . END
this colt has done everything asked of him , and done it with ease . END
his best mile to date is UNK . END
UNK ( tar UNK hanover ) is another promising colt , and his best time is UNK . END
this is one of the UNK tar heels ever at the center . END
the first time he was UNK he stood like a gentle old mare ; ; END
the UNK under his tail seemed to be old stuff . END
the fourth time in harness he walked off like a gentleman . END
being UNK for UNK has delayed his work somewhat . END
but up to date he has shown as much as any in the big simpson stable . END
hustler ( knight UNK ) is a UNK bay UNK of a colt , not the best UNK , but he surely can pace and is right there with them , and sometimes leading them , in the best miles . END
UNK freight ( UNK on hal ) is a very rugged , UNK colt with a wonderful stride who has done with ease everything asked of him . END
his best time is around UNK . END
UNK ( UNK gal ) , a UNK UNK colt , knows nothing but pace and has been right there in the best miles . END
UNK adios ( UNK molly ) is not so masculine as most of the colts , but i like his type and he certainly is one of the UNK UNK on the grounds . END
UNK for UNK and laid off three weeks , he is coming along fine and looks like a UNK to me . END
first flyer ( UNK UNK light ) looks like a splendid candidate for the illinois stakes . END
his best time is UNK . END
the colts in UNK stable have little if anything on the UNK , especially the UNK . END
UNK hanover ( UNK UNK hanover ) is improving with each UNK and paced UNK weeks ago . END
mrs. freight ( knight UNK reed ) shows promise and does it in good form , and her best time is about 2:35 . END
UNK ( tar UNK hanover ) , a filly that wanted to trot , knocked herself october 31 and november 1 fighting the hopples . END
she was then trained on the trot until december 29 , UNK to a breaking cart once around the half-mile track and UNK again . END
this time she submitted and in a few days was going good . END
on january 11 she paced a mile in UNK ; ; END
on jan. 18 UNK ; ; END
on jan. 21 , , 2:36 . END
this filly is a much better individual than either of her UNK , UNK day and UNK -- more scale and much better UNK . END
she is more like her full brother , UNK hanover , but larger . END
up to date she is a UNK filly . END
pete UNK has four promising 2-year-old UNK . END
marquis pick ( gene UNK UNK ) seems to be the pick of the stable at the present time . END
he is a fine-looking colt with a good body , good set of legs and nice way of going . END
his best mile to date is UNK . END
majestic pick comes next , with a mile in UNK . END
this colt is another fine-looking UNK . END
UNK hanover ( knight UNK hanover ) is a little on the small side but a very compact colt and looks like one to stand training and many future battles with colts in his class . END
best time to date is UNK . END
step aside ( direct UNK widow ) has worked in UNK on the half-mile track and shows promise . END
most of billy UNK UNK have worked from UNK to 2:35 . END
UNK wick ( gene UNK mary ) has gone in 2:36 ; ; END
hickory ash ( titan UNK hanover ) in 2:35 . END
the first time i saw the latter filly she trotted by me and i noticed such a family resemblance that i said to myself , `` that must be hickory ash '' . END
she is a beautiful filly and likes to trot . END
hickory hill ( UNK UNK hanover ) has gone in UNK ; ; END
hickory spark ( UNK tiny ) 2:37 ; ; END
UNK hanover ( tar UNK hanover ) 2:35 ; ; END
UNK kathy ( faber UNK ) 2:37 ; ; END
honor UNK ( UNK bright ) around UNK . END
the UNK is a fine-looking , large colt , who has been unfortunate to be laid off for some time due to injuries . END
he is going sound again now , and looks good . END
brief candle ( UNK ) has gone in 2:37 ; ; END
UNK faber ( faber UNK UNK ) UNK ; ; END
martha UNK ( UNK martha d. ) 2:35 ; ; END
UNK ( faber UNK ) 2:35 ; ; END
charm UNK ( UNK UNK ) 2:37 ; ; END
fair sail ( UNK UNK ) 2:36 ; ; END
custom maid ( knight UNK dream ) UNK ; ; END
UNK dares ( ( meadow UNK UNK ) 2:36 ; ; END
good flying ( good UNK hanover ) 2:36 ; ; END
UNK hanover ( tar UNK UNK ) 2:34 ; ; END
UNK choice ( faber UNK joe UNK ) 2:36 ; ; END
UNK ( UNK ) 2:35 ; ; END
UNK dares ( meadow UNK UNK ) 2:36 ; ; END
harold j. ( worthy UNK scotland ) 2:36 ; ; END
UNK ( knight UNK worthy grapes ) 2:36 ; ; END
next knight ( knight UNK time ) 2:36 ; ; END
trader jet ( UNK precious ) 2:37 ; ; END
trader rich ( worthy UNK hanover ) 2:37 ; ; END
good little girl ( good UNK hanover ) 2:36 ; ; END
UNK hanover ( UNK UNK hanover ) 2:36 . END
the UNK is one of the favorites in the stable , and the boys like her very much . END
i will be able to tell you more about this string of UNK in the near future . END
i have just seen UNK and prompt time work a mile in 2:34 , last quarter in UNK . END
in going away UNK got behind several lengths , UNK at the start -- she is a little UNK . END
they left the three-quarters together and finished almost together . END
prompt time shows class . END
this filly is another adios that wants to trot , and trot she did until forced to do otherwise . END
after well broken and equipped with UNK shoes on behind , UNK in front , she would trot a real storm with the master , UNK , driving . END
being placed in the hopples she was completely baffled . END
she hesitated , she hopped , she rolled and rocked , skipped and jumped , but in some two weeks she started to pace , from that time to this she has shown steady improvement and now looks like one of the UNK things on the grounds . END
rain on friday prevented many UNK , but there were a few miles of note on thursday . END
those responsible included UNK hanover ( UNK UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
UNK gallon ( bill UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
UNK hanover ( dean UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
premium freight ( titan UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
UNK hanover ( ( tar UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
UNK ( tar UNK byrd ) , UNK ; ; END
fury hanover ( hoot UNK ) , UNK ; ; END
isaac ( hoot UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
caper ( hoot UNK hanover ) , UNK ; ; END
lucky freight ( knight UNK helen ) , UNK . END
sam UNK UNK ( scotch UNK UNK ) , a light bay filly , knows nothing but trot and has worked on the half-mile in UNK . END
UNK ( UNK rachel ) has gone in UNK . END
sam is having his troubles with UNK hanover ( dean UNK hanover ) , but hopes to have him straightened out and going before long . END
jimmy UNK is high on adios UNK ( UNK UNK ) and she sure looks good as she goes by . END
her best time to date is about UNK . END
he also likes UNK hanover ( titan UNK hanover ) 2:37 . END
cathy j. hanover ( tar UNK hanover ) , formerly called UNK hanover , has been rather a problem child , but is getting better all the while and can pace a twice around in about UNK . END
UNK UNK ( UNK UNK hanover ) has been in UNK . END
UNK UNK and UNK UNK miss phone ( UNK miss ) is a fine-looking filly with good disposition and good gait , and she has worked up to date in UNK . END
del mar , calif. , feb. 3 END
-- after 52 UNK days , moisture finally came to del mar , resulting in but one workout during the week for most of the horses , and leaving us with less than half our total average UNK during the season . END
while UNK are still gaining most of the attention at the track , green horses are starting to go a bit , and jimmy UNK has several that can really make it . END
UNK for the week are as follows : plain scotch , 3 ( by scotch victor ) , demon law , 3 ( by demon hanover ) , coffee royal , p ( by royal UNK ) and beauty way , p , 3 ( by demon hanover ) in 25 ; ; END
eddie duke , p , 3 ( by duke of UNK ) , UNK c. , p ( by UNK hanover ) and UNK UNK , 5 ( by king's ransom ) in UNK ; ; END
tiger hanover , p , 3 ( by adios ) in UNK ; ; END
UNK UNK , 4 ( by victory song ) in UNK ; ; END
and UNK , 3 ( by UNK adios ) in UNK . END
for the aged horses : mr. UNK , p , UNK , UNK thomas , p , UNK , mighty signal UNK , clever UNK , p , UNK , and glow star , p , UNK have been in 2:35 ; ; END
miss demon UNK , p , UNK has trotted in UNK , and is expected to race at this gait ; ; END
carter creed , p , 3 , UNK , great UNK UNK , and hi jay , p , UNK have been in UNK ; ; END
UNK t. , 3 , UNK is now wearing hopples and has trained in UNK ; ; END
stormy dream , p , UNK , demon UNK , p , UNK , UNK b. , 4 , UNK , UNK song , 3 , UNK , and ( jet fire , 4 , UNK have been in UNK ; ; END
maria key , 2 , UNK looked great in UNK ; ; END
mocking byrd , p , UNK has been in UNK , with a racing date approaching at bay meadows . END
UNK urban has a clever green UNK in dr. UNK i. , 3 ( by yankee hanover ) , his latest mile in UNK ; ; END
victory sun , p , UNK has trained in UNK ; ; END
early sun , p , UNK , chester maid UNK , dark sun , p , UNK , and sun tan maid UNK have been in UNK . END
the average reader of this magazine owns more than one gun ( we ran a survey to find out ) but he's always on the UNK for new and better arms . END
he's more than a reader of outdoor articles ; ; END
he's a real hunter and UNK , eager to improve his sport . END
well , if you're that kind of sportsman we're here to help you . END
you've probably given a lot of UNK thought to the guns in your rack , but it's not easy to decide on a new one . END
you still have time to drop a few hints about the gifts you'd appreciate most ; ; END
the time to decide on them is now . END
as a christmas service , i've taken a close look at this year's crop of new models . END
here they are , with my comments and judgments . END
read on , take your pick -- and start dropping those hints . END
first on my own list would be two arms -- a rifle and a UNK -- that qualify as new in the UNK sense . END
for me , a changed barrel length or an improved stock doesn't constitute a truly new design . END
such modifications are all for the best but it takes something as different as a deerstalker or a jet to change UNK concepts . END
bill UNK UNK deerstalker ( under UNK ) is a new rifle action in a caliber that UNK all the modern theory of UNK fans ; ; END
it's a short , light , UNK , UNK little timber gun designed to push a heavy slug at modest velocity but with lots of killing power and ample range for our most popular big game -- UNK . END
ruger reports that on his recent african UNK the little magnum cartridge was a real work horse . END
small antelope were generally UNK with one shot , and the magnum carbine also UNK UNK , UNK and wart UNK with deadly efficiency ; ; END
these are fairly large , tough animals . END
the UNK of the magnum in a rifle comes as no surprise to me . END
at least five years ago , tom robinson of UNK made up an UNK double rifle for me in this caliber , using the now UNK model 90 action in UNK size . END
after figuring out how to UNK the barrels so that they shot to the same point of impact , we fired this little UNK job on my home range and in UNK underground test gallery . END
we quickly ran into the same trouble that plagued bill ruger in his first experiments : three or four bullets would be placed well in a UNK bull at 100 yards and then , UNK , one could stray far out of the group . END
ruger learned that this was because the higher velocity achieved in a long barrel was UNK the shape of the UNK revolver bullet . END
the new , UNK slug in magnum corrected this . END
but even without UNK bullets , i had enough faith in my double to take it on an UNK deer hunt that first year . END
within half an hour i jumped a UNK buck that UNK through a UNK UNK , and i caught him just behind the left UNK at 60 yards . END
he moved only about 30 feet after the UNK slug hit him -- and this was after the bullet had passed through a UNK . END
three more deer have fallen to this same gun , and all were one-shot kills . END
my double was made with UNK revolver barrels ( before cutting to revolver length ) , and although it compares well in other respects , it's considerably heavier than the deerstalker , which only scales about UNK pounds . END
if ever a rifle met the needs of the UNK hunter , this is it . END
the deerstalker points with the ease , speed and precision of a fine imported double shotgun , and its trigger pull is light and sharp . END
the UNK bullet leaves the muzzle at UNK UNK , which gives it all the smash needed at woods ranges . END
with five shots at the immediate command of the UNK trigger finger , the gun and load are a deadly combination . END
the second really new development this year was a revolver handling a different sort of UNK load -- the END
remington jet magnum center fire . END
at present it's available in one model , the fine and familiar smith & UNK magnum revolver ( about UNK ) , long a UNK UNK among target arms . END
, UNK bullet is rated at a very hot UNK UNK , and it's the UNK shooting of any revolver cartridge , with a UNK rise of about an inch over a UNK range . END
this is a UNK load , pure and simple ; ; END
it's much too explosive for small edible game . END
it can cut a red UNK neatly in two or burst a UNK into a flurry of feathers . END
the most UNK aspect of the s & w magnum UNK for the new jet is that it can also fire standard END
UNK by means of UNK sleeves in the chambers . END
you may therefore convert the gun into a UNK and UNK arm , although the difference in the point of impact ( jet vs. UNK ) can be somewhat disconcerting . END
the accuracy of the jet cartridge is fine ; ; END
i tested it in my UNK s & w and it was good enough to allow me to hit a chuck with every shot at 100 yards if i did my part by holding the UNK steadily . END
the fact that the deerstalker and the jet were the only completely new designs this year doesn't mean that 1961 didn't see changes in models , actions and UNK . END
aside from the ruger carbine , a number of hunting rifles have been introduced for the first time . END
here are the brands ( in alphabetical order ) and the new models . END
newcomers to the american hunter are the browning group of UNK , UNK rifles . END
they have fine UNK actions and a UNK finish on both the metal and the stock wood . END
barrel weights vary sensibly with the various UNK available , and these include the standard UNK ( about UNK ) plus the magnums ( around UNK ) ; ; END
, s & h , , and . END
UNK rubber recoil pads are standard on all of the magnums except the END
stock designs are excellent for use with UNK . END
UNK UNK 1961 rifles are all made with UNK actions , regardless of caliber . END
have the short action ; ; END
and , the medium action , and the END
, af and the magnums , the long action ( about $135 for the standard UNK and $200 for the custom version ) . END
previously , UNK actions were used for the larger cartridges . END
high standard has introduced a END
auto , the UNK , in two grades -- field and special ( less than $45 and just over $45 , respectively ) . END
it's a streamlined rifle , fast and UNK . END
magnum UNK rifles , UNK lone newcomer was the UNK model 260 UNK ( around $60 ) . END
previously known as jefferson arms , UNK has given this UNK UNK job an exceptionally fine stock design , and the 260 is the first UNK to handle END
UNK has made two contributions to the harvest of new UNK . END
the model 99 ( under $45 ) is a UNK , streamlined END
UNK auto with a tubular magazine that holds 18 long rifles . END
it's extremely accurate for an auto , and the test rifle i tried was completely UNK in functioning . END
the UNK ( about UNK ) is an even newer END
auto , this one with a UNK or UNK clip . END
once again the UNK UNK outfit has appeared , but this time as a UNK UNK combination . END
the bore is UNK but is provided with an insert tube which is UNK and which , surprisingly , gives pretty fair accuracy even though it's only UNK inches long . END
you can UNK this tube and replace it with a UNK insert for use with END
UNK -- to break the little UNK clay targets . END
a trap for throwing these miniature UNK UNK to the barrel so that the UNK can throw his own targets . END
a spring trap for solid mounting and a regular hand trap are also available . END
you can have your choice of a UNK UNK , the UNK ( about UNK ) or a single-shot , the UNK ( $10 less ) . END
the UNK is a good outfit for fun shooting or for economic UNK practice , but it's tougher than it looks to run up a score on the clay birds . END
they'll travel 50 feet or more when thrown from the spring trap but it's almost impossible to break one after it passes the UNK mark . END
the combination of thin pattern and very tiny UNK makes it necessary to get on the birds , right now ! ! END
big magnum UNK appeared in the remington line for 1961 , with the addition of the and to the list of model UNK . END
these are made on special order only , in UNK grade ( about UNK ) , with integral muzzle brakes and heavy rubber recoil pads ; ; END
they weigh around nine pounds . END
a shortened version of the highly regarded remington UNK UNK also appeared in 1961 . END
this carbine ( under UNK , about $15 more for a UNK grade ) has an UNK barrel and was obviously inspired by the popularity of last year's model UNK pump with a UNK . END
this design is hard to beat for timber hunting or for packing in a saddle scabbard . END
presently , the UNK is available in af . END
the latest versions of the famous savage model 99 are the 99 UNK ( about UNK ) and the 99 UNK ( under $135 ) , which have a UNK safety and improved trigger design . END
the replacement of the UNK side safety catch will make this UNK favorite more appealing than ever since the new safety is easier and faster to operate . END
a fresh crop of UNK guns showed up in 1961 , and they're good UNK for your christmas gift list if you're wondering what to get for a youngster . END
the most unusual of them is the UNK UNK ( about $20 , $5 for a saddle scabbard ) -- a UNK single-shot patterned after the famous winchester UNK and featuring the western look . END
because of its traditional lines , it probably has more kid appeal than any other model . END
the action is a UNK , handling all the standard END
UNK latest is also designed for the beginning UNK , although it's a UNK rifle with plenty of barrel weight and ample stock . END
this is the model UNK ( about $20 ) ; ; END
it's a single-shot UNK with an automatic safety -- i.e. , the safety goes on every time the bolt is lifted and the gun cocked for the next shot . END
stock design is excellent , and this model is a good first gun . END
another boy's model is the END
single-shot remington UNK ( around $20 ) , which comes with a UNK barrel and a short -- UNK -- stock ; ; END
it's just right for a boy of UNK . END
a UNK shotgun has also been introduced this year . END
the UNK stevens UNK ( under UNK ) is made with a side lever rather than a UNK lever because many youngsters aren't strong enough to operate a top tang to open a gun -- and the side lever does indeed open very easily . END
this gun has a UNK stock and is available in either 20 or gauge . END
there's another addition to the stevens line , the UNK model 77 in ( under $75 ) , which you may or may not consider a kid's gun ; ; END
many experienced hunters like this gauge and type of UNK too . END
although there were no startling developments in shotgun design this year , a number of new models and variations of existing models did hit the market . END
for example , a browning trap version of the UNK UNK , the broadway ( from UNK up , depending on grade ) , differs from standard models in that it is equipped with a full UNK fore end , a cushion recoil pad and a UNK UNK UNK for fast UNK . END
the colt line now includes a new UNK , the standard or custom pump model ( about UNK and $150 , respectively ) in 12 , 16 and 20 . END
firearms international has introduced another import , this one from UNK . END
it's the UNK ( about UNK ) , a UNK UNK very much like the old remington 32 -- which was so fine a gun that today a used one still brings high prices . END
high standard has also added two models to its line . END
the UNK trophy ( prices begin at less than $135 and depend on grade and optional features ) is a UNK auto . END
the UNK trophy ( beginning at just over UNK ) is a pump gun in 12 or 16 . END
either model is a very good dollar value . END
UNK latest contribution to the field is the model 500 ( from UNK ) ; ; END
this is an improved version of the old model 200 , a UNK UNK shotgun . END
see page 24 for a complete report on it . END
jet -- which i coupled with the deerstalker carbine as one of the year's two biggest developments -- few significant innovations appeared among UNK UNK . END
livery stable -- j. vernon , UNK '' . END
coaching had declined considerably by 1905 , but the sign was still there , near the old wells UNK building in san francisco , creaking in the fog as it had for thirty years . END
john vernon had had all the patronage he cared for -- he had UNK , but he could not retire from UNK . END
coaching was in his blood . END
he had two interests in life : the pleasures of the table and driving . END
twice a week he drove his tallyho over the santa cruz road , UNK and through the UNK forest , with orchards below him at one hand , and glimpses of the pacific at the other . END
the journey back he made along the coast road , traveling UNK , every lantern of the tallyho UNK . END
the southward route was the classic run in california , and the most fashionable . END
his patronage on this stretch was made up largely of san UNK -- regulars , most of them , and UNK like himself . END
they did not complain at the inhuman hour of starting ( seven in the morning ) , nor of the tariff , which was reasonable since it covered everything but the tobacco . END
breakfast was at the palace hotel , luncheon was somewhere in the mountain forest , and dinner was either at boulder creek or at santa cruz . END
gazing too long at the scenery could be tiring , so UNK were UNK between meals . END
then the chinese UNK , who rode with vernon on the box , would break open a hamper and produce UNK of smoked bass or UNK , sandwiches , UNK eggs , and a UNK UNK to be heated over a spirit lamp . END
in spring and in autumn the run was made for a group of UNK which included an old friend of mine . END
they gathered roots , UNK , odd UNK , leaves , and bits of resin from the rare santa lucia UNK , which exists only on a forty-five mile strip on the westerly side of these mountains . END
in the spanish days UNK monks UNK here to collect the resin for UNK . END
it yields a fragrance as UNK as that of the UNK of UNK . END
vernon was serviceable on the UNK field trips , but he could arrange no schedule with the cooks , and he was glad when the trips dropped off , and the UNK began to motor out by themselves . END
my friend often UNK with vernon on the morning of the regular tallyho run . END
this was an honor , like dining with a captain at his private table . END
UNK office UNK the stable , and the walls were UNK with brightly colored UNK , the folk art of the period . END
they advertised harness polish , UNK , UNK rubber boots , green river whiskey , UNK UNK , patent medicines , shoe UNK , and chewing tobacco . END
the UNK would have the table ready and a pot of coffee hissing on the stove ; ; END
then a porter from manning's fish house would trot in with a tray on his head . END
it was draped with snowy UNK that kept hot a UNK of oyster salt roast and a mound of corn UNK . END
vernon was UNK fond of oysters , and manning's had been famous for them since the civil war . END
oyster salt roast -- oysters on the half shell , cooked on a bed of coarse salt that kept them hot when served -- was a UNK at manning's . END
its early morning patrons were UNK , who fortified themselves for the day with that delicacy . END
in the UNK the palace hotel began serving an oyster dish named after its manager , john c. UNK . END
this dish much resembles the oysters rockefeller made famous by UNK in new orleans , though the palace chef announced it as a variant of manning's roast oysters . END
( UNK have long argued about which came first , the UNK or UNK . END
UNK held as mandatory a UNK of UNK or UNK on the UNK or UNK which was used for the UNK . END
the UNK version holds UNK as optional . END
) vernon , however , held out for plain oyster roast , and plenty of it , UNK by UNK or any UNK but salt , though he did fancy a bit of lemon . END
after the meal , he and his guests went out to inspect the rig ; ; END
this was merely a ritual , to please all hands concerned . END
the tallyho had cost vernon UNK . END
a UNK of two coaches made in england for the UNK club in the east , and UNK west of the UNK , it was the despair of UNK on the santa cruz run . END
one could shave in the reflection of its UNK panels , and its UNK were UNK like those of roulette wheels . END
the horses were groomed to a high UNK ; ; END
departing , they stepped solemnly with knees lifted to the jaw , for they had been trained to drag at important UNK . END
but for the start of the santa cruz run , the whip fell . END
the clients boarded the tallyho at the palace promptly at seven . END
they had been fed a hunting breakfast , so called because a UNK , the dish identified with fox hunting , was on the bill . END
there are many ways of making a UNK , every one of which is right . END
here is an original UNK recipe from the family club's kitchen : END
UNK ( for three ) a UNK of cold boiled UNK , mix with a UNK of cooked rice , two minced UNK eggs , some UNK white sauce done with cream , UNK , pepper , salt , a pinch of UNK , a UNK of minced onion fried , and a bit of UNK . END
heat and serve hot on toast . END
the UNK named for ernest UNK , the UNK chef , was even more in demand . END
for decades it was the most popular dish served in the ladies' grill at breakfast , and it is one of the few old palace dishes that still survive . END
native california oysters , salty and UNK , as UNK as UNK and not much larger than a UNK piece , went into it . END
the original formula goes thus : END
UNK in butter a small minced onion , rub with a UNK of flour , add half a cup of cream , six beaten eggs , pepper , celery salt , a UNK of minced UNK , a dash of UNK , and a pinch of nutmeg . END
a UNK of dry sherry follows , and as the mixture UNK , in go a hundred of the little oysters . END
louis sherry once stayed a UNK at the palace , and he was so pleased with UNK UNK that he introduced it at his restaurant in new york j. UNK morgan had come in his private train to san francisco , to attend an episcopal convention , and brought the UNK with him . END
as things happened , morgan was installed in the UNK hill residence of a UNK friend , whose kitchen UNK with cooks of approved talent . END
sherry remained in his hotel suite , where he amused himself as best he could . END
twice he left everything to his entourage , and fled to make the santa cruz tour under UNK guidance . END
in the grand court of the palace , notable for its UNK of UNK UNK that looked down on the UNK of vehicles below , UNK station was at the entrance . END
it was a post of honor , held UNK for him ; ; END
he had the primacy among the UNK . END
of majestic build , UNK and UNK , he resembled the late general UNK scott , who was said to be the most imposing general of his century , if not of all centuries . END
vernon wore a gray tall hat , a UNK , and UNK UNK boots that glistened like UNK UNK . END
promptly at seven he would UNK out of the court with twelve in the tallyho . END
he had style : he held his reins in a loose bunch at the third button of his checked UNK UNK , and when the horses leaned at a curve , as if bent by the force of a UNK , he leaned with them . END
they UNK down the peninsula , not UNK until the coach reached UNK where the santa cruz UNK begin . END
the road maps of the region have changed since 1905 ; ; END
UNK have burned down , moved elsewhere , or taken other names . END
once on the road ( and especially if the passengers were all regulars and masculine ) , the schedule meant nothing . END
an agreeable ease suffused vernon and the passengers of the tallyho , from which there issued clouds of smoke . END
vernon would tilt his hat over one ear as he UNK with his feet on the UNK , UNK in a huge cigar . END
the horses moved at a clump ; ; END
they were no more on parade than was their driver ; ; END
one fork of the road was as good as another . END
the santa cruz mountains UNK over three counties , and the roads twist through UNK UNK down whose UNK columns ripple streams of rain , even when heat UNK the santa UNK valley below at the left . END
the water UNK into UNK tracts of UNK . END
you arrive there in UNK , and feel you were UNK not to bring a UNK . END
vernon kept an account book with a list of all the establishments that he thought worthy of patronage . END
a number of them must have fallen into UNK ; ; END
they were struck out with remarks in red ink , denouncing both the cooks and the management . END
he was UNK in his praise of those that served food that was good to eat . END
the horses seemed to know these by instinct , he used to say : such places invariably had UNK with superior feed UNK . END
there was wright's , for one , lost amongst trees , its wide UNK strewn with UNK . END
many of its UNK were devoted to UNK and quiet , and lived there to the end of their days . END
it was the haunt of writer UNK UNK , who admired its UNK . END
UNK from the great UNK fed the small black pigs ( akin to UNK ) , whose `` carcass UNK '' were UNK . END
their ham butts , cured in UNK smoke , were also UNK when roasted or boiled , and served with this original sauce : END
put into a UNK a UNK of the baked ham gravy , or of the boiled ham liquor , with a half stick of butter , three UNK of made mustard , and two UNK garlic UNK . END
contribute also an onion , a peeled tomato and two UNK UNK , and a UNK lime . END
after this has UNK an hour , add two tablespoons each of UNK , UNK , and UNK , two UNK walnuts , and a pint of sherry . END
then simmer fifteen minutes longer . END
every winter a UNK of this sauce was made and placed at the end of a row of four other UNK in the cellar , so that when its turn came , it was properly UNK . END
vineyards and orchards also grew around wright's , and deer were rather a nuisance ; ; END
they leaped UNK fences with the UNK of UNK . END
but no one complained when they wound up , regardless of season , in UNK pies . END
no one complained of the white wine either : at this altitude of two thousand feet , grapes acquire a UNK and the tang of UNK . END
( the UNK vineyards have now climbed to this height . END
) apple trees grew there also . END
though UNK in the santa cruz mountains flow UNK the year round and it is forever spring , the apples that grow there have a UNK UNK . END
UNK UNK preferred to get their apple pies at the local UNK , which had a brick oven fired with UNK UNK . END
the merit of the pie , vernon believed , was due more to its making than to the UNK heat of the oven . END
the recipe , which he got from the baker , and wrote down in his ledger , is basically this : END
UNK , core , and slice across enough apples to make a dome in the pie tin , and set aside . END
in a UNK put sufficient water to cover them , an equal amount of sugar , a sliced lemon , a UNK of UNK preserve or jam , a pinch each of UNK and nutmeg , and a large bay leaf . END
let this boil gently for twenty minutes , then strain . END
UNK the apples in this syrup for twelve minutes , drain them , and cool . END
set the apples in the UNK tin , spread over them three UNK of softened butter , with as much brown sugar , a sprinkling of nutmeg , and a fresh bay leaf , then lay on a cover of pastry , and UNK it with beaten UNK of egg . END
those who have never traveled the width and length of this land cannot conceive , on the basis of textbook description alone , the overwhelming space and variety of this country held together under one government . END
the miracle of democratic america comes home to one most strongly only when one has seen the endless great plains of the midwest ; ; END
the UNK peaks of the northwest mountains ; ; END
the UNK , UNK , UNK life of the great cities of the east ; ; END
the lush and historic charm of the south . END
now , to add to the already unbelievable extremes found in one nation , we have the two new states of hawaii and alaska . END
to hope to cover just one region of this land and to enjoy all of its sights and events and , of course , to bring back pictures of your experiences , requires advance planning . END
for this reason , u.s. camera has prepared this special u.s.a. vacation feature . END
we divided the country into five regions plus hawaii and alaska and in each is included a general description of the area plus specific recommendations of places and events to cover . END
any special photographic requirements are also given . END
use this section to plan now to make the most of your vacation in UNK america . END
birthplace of the nation , the northeast offers historic UNK ; ; END
lovely old villages and a rugged seashore among its many worthwhile sights . END
the rolling farms of maryland , the peerless metropolis of new york city , the UNK mountains of vermont can all be included in your northeast vacation . END
by automobile from new york , for example , you can take a one or two-day tour to annapolis , maryland to see the colonial homes and the u.s. naval academy ( where you can shoot the dress parade on UNK ) ; ; END
to washington , d.c. , for an UNK tour of the city ; ; END
or to UNK , pa. , the center of the pennsylvania dutch country ; ; END
philadelphia with its historic buildings and nearby valley forge ; ; END
to west point , n.y. , the famous military academy in a beautiful setting on the hudson river . END
new england deserves as much of your vacation time as you can afford with such areas as cape cod providing wonderful beaches , artists' colonies and quaint UNK . END
from here you can easily include a side trip to the old UNK port of nantucket , massachusetts , which looks just as it must have two centuries ago . END
at UNK village , massachusetts , you'll find a UNK new england town . END
north to UNK national park , maine , with views of a UNK coast and dark , magnificent forests . END
one of the most exciting ways to end a northeast vacation would be with a week in new york city . END
return through new england , stopping for a visit to lake UNK where you can take a boat ride and go to ethan allen park . END
there you'll witness a view which includes the UNK UNK and the winooski river . END
now you're ready for a UNK UNK tour of america's most exciting city . END
the skyline , the bridges , broadway , and the staten island ferry are only a few of the spots to put on your `` must '' list for new york city . END
some tips for shooting in UNK locales : in new york city don't miss coverage of the united nations . END
these striking , UNK buildings on the east river are open to the public and every UNK guided tours are available . END
pictures can be taken in the public areas and when on tours . END
however , the use of UNK is not allowed . END
photos of conference rooms and the general assembly hall can be made when these rooms are not being used for meetings . END
flash is allowed , subject to above restrictions . END
around new england , you'll no doubt want a color shot of one of the picturesque UNK . END
be careful here not to UNK this subject since they are extremely bright and UNK . END
in color , UNK of a second between af and af will do for bright , UNK sunlight . END
the southern united states , extending from florida in the east to texas in the west , still maintains its unique flavor of gracious living and historical elegance . END
it UNK in its expanse areas where the natural beauty encourages a vacation of quiet contemplation , on the one hand , to places where entertainment and UNK of all sorts have been provided for the tourist with camera . END
of special interest this anniversary year of the war between the states are the many civil war UNK where , likely as not , you'll catch some memorial UNK . END
among the locales to visit are UNK , tennessee ; ; END
UNK mountain , tennessee ; ; END
UNK , mississippi ; ; END
richmond , virginia ; ; END
petersburg , virginia , and UNK , virginia . END
florida provides tropical scenes UNK in the united states . END
at cypress gardens special bleachers are set up for photographers at UNK shows and lovely models pose for pictures in garden settings . END
silver springs features UNK boat rides and in UNK national park there are opportunities to photograph rare wildlife . END
miami beach and surroundings feature fabulous `` hotel row '' , UNK beaches plus the miami UNK and UNK jungle . END
one of the most delightful spots in a southern tour is the city of new orleans . END
the famous old french and spanish buildings with their elaborate UNK iron UNK and the narrow streets of the latin quarter present an old world scene . END
for restoration of early american life the places to visit are UNK , UNK and UNK , virginia . END
another virginia sight and a photographic adventure are the UNK UNK , lit by UNK . END
the great state of texas offers metropolitan attractions such as the dallas fair park with its art and natural history museums . END
in contrast are the vast open stretches of ranch country and oil wells . END
in san antonio visit the famous UNK and photograph 18th century spanish buildings and churches . END
the great smoky mountains is another area of the south well worth a visit . END
along the UNK route through great smoky mountains national park you can photograph the UNK peaks , UNK and valleys which come into view at every turn . END
UNK , tennessee , is the center of this area . END
another scenic spot in tennessee is UNK where the rock city gardens are not to be missed . END
beautiful homes and gardens are UNK of the south and cities particularly noted for them are UNK , UNK , UNK , miss. , and savannah , ga. . END
at UNK , va. , shoot UNK and the beautiful buildings of the university . END
foliage is the outstanding photo subject in many of the southern locales mentioned above and some specific tips on how and where to shoot it are in order . END
for example , the chamber of commerce of UNK , tennessee , sponsors special camera tours into the great smoky mountains to get pictures of the UNK of wild flowers UNK in these wooded regions . END
exposure problems may occur in these forest areas where uneven lighting results from UNK of sunlight filtering through the overhead branches . END
best solution is to find an area that is predominantly sunlight or shade . END
in any instance , you should determine the exposure according to the type of light which falls on most of the subject area . END
try some UNK on southern blossoms to provide a welcome contrast with the many UNK UNK you'll be making . END
for shooting the interiors of the famous UNK southern mansions make sure your equipment includes a UNK . END
enough daylight is usually available from the windows , but if you have UNK flash -- use it . END
for some unusual photographic subjects , if your vacation takes you nearby , try these events : the UNK auto race in charlotte , n.c. , , on may 27 ; ; END
the florida folk festival , white springs , may UNK ; ; END
singing on the mountain in UNK , north carolina , on june 25 . END
peak action photography is your goal at UNK UNK and the cypress gardens UNK events . END
a pleasant start to your midwestern vacation is a few days spent in UNK chicago . END
lake michigan offers swimming and pictures which combine UNK with beaches . END
a visit to chicago's museums and a stroll around broad michigan avenue will UNK many UNK subjects to the alert photographer . END
wisconsin UNK , where UNK scenic rocks carved by the wisconsin river are overgrown with UNK and other foliage , rates a UNK when traveling from chicago . END
the UNK forming the heart of america stretch out across the midwest from chicago . END
in north dakota the strangely beautiful UNK will challenge you to translate its wonder on to film . END
while here , visit theodore roosevelt national park for its spectacular scenery . END
another spot with an UNK name is the black hills where you can visit the old frontier mining town of UNK . END
the black hills passion play is produced every summer and is a pageant worth seeing and shooting . END
of course , while in this vicinity you won't want to miss a visit to mount UNK national memorial where on the side of a mountain are the famous sculptures of presidents washington , lincoln , jefferson and theodore roosevelt . END
in missouri ( which we are including in our general midwest region ) you can glance into mark UNK birthplace at UNK , see the landmarks of his life and writings and UNK where UNK UNK UNK his boyish mischief . END
similarly in illinois there is lincoln country to be seen -- his tomb and other landmarks . END
minnesota , fabled land of waters , is in itself , ideal UNK , having within its borders 10,000 lakes ! ! END
UNK state park , where the mississippi river begins , is one of the outstanding tourist spots in minnesota . END
UNK of the old west recall the days of UNK UNK in dodge city , nebraska , where present-day cowboys add a colorful human interest note to your vacation shooting . END
of current interest is UNK , kansas , the birthplace of UNK eisenhower . END
there's a museum here and also old UNK town , a reconstruction of the cattle UNK of the UNK and UNK . END
for a resort area , UNK island , michigan , is the place to visit . END
it truly UNK another age for the inhabitants use carriages rather than UNK and old british and french forts are left intact for tourists to visit and record . END
night scenes will add an exciting touch to your vacation UNK and what better place to take them then along chicago's lake shore drive ? ? END
just after sunset is a good time to record the city lights in color since you get a `` UNK '' light from the sky . END
another UNK for UNK : bring your camera along to museums . END
photos of historic UNK of the area you visit will add depth and background to your vacation photo story . END
again , be sure your UNK is handy for those UNK time UNK . END
special events and their dates which will make interesting shooting in the midwest area , include the following : END
a UNK of the battle of lexington , may 18th at lexington , missouri ; ; END
the UNK UNK auto race at indianapolis , indiana , plus a festival from may UNK ; ; END
`` song of UNK '' , in UNK , illinois , from june 20 to 24th . END
michigan offers the lovely tulip festival in holland , michigan , may UNK ; ; END
the UNK open in birmingham from june UNK ; ; END
and the international freedom festival in detroit , june 29 thru july 4 . END
for early UNK there's the UNK fishing derby in hot springs , arkansas , april UNK , and the arkansas band festival in hot springs , april UNK . END
a western vacation is practically synonymous with a visit to at least one of the magnificent national parks in this area . END
a tour of several of them is possible in a UNK vacation while a stay at just one of these natural beauty spots can be of equal reward . END
in california is located one of the most popular of the national parks -- UNK . END
among its most spectacular features are its falls , the highest being upper UNK which drops UNK feet . END
the UNK grove presents another unique aspect of UNK , for these ancient giant trees are a sight never to be forgotten . END
in the utah area are zion national park and UNK canyon national park . END
fantastic colors are to be seen in the UNK formations of eroded rock which loom out of the UNK country in both parks . END
UNK grand canyon , probably the most famous UNK of the united states , can be the UNK of your western vacation . END
built upon seven hills , istanbul , like rome , is one of the most ancient cities in the world , filled with splendor and contrast . END
it is an exotic place , so different from the ordinary that the casual tourist is likely to see at first only the contrast and the ugliness of narrow streets lined with UNK houses . END
at the moment , many of these are being pulled down . END
whole blocks are disappearing and more are scheduled to vanish to make room for wide UNK that will show off its treasures to better advantage -- the great domes and graceful UNK of its UNK , the panorama of the bosphorus and the golden horn . END
even when they are finished , however , the contrast will remain , for istanbul is the only city in the world that is built upon two continents . END
for almost 3,000 years europe and asia have rubbed shoulders in its streets . END
founded in the ninth century b.c. it was called UNK 200 years later when UNK , UNK of the UNK , expanded the settlement and named it after himself . END
about a thousand years after that , when the roman empire was divided , it became capital of the eastern section . END
on may UNK , a.d. , , its name was changed again , this time to UNK after its emperor , constantine . END
in UNK when the last UNK of ancient roman power fell to the turks , the city officially shifted religions -- although the UNK , or pope , of the orthodox church continued to live there , and still does -- and became the capital of the UNK empire . END
when that was broken up after the first world war , its name was changed once more . END
rich in christian and UNK art , istanbul is today a fascinating museum of east and west that recently became a UNK resort as well with the development of new beaches on the bosphorus and the sea of UNK only a short distance from the center of town . END
easy to get to , and becoming more popular every year , it is only fourteen hours from new york by pan american world airways jet , four hours from rome . END
most of the sights lie in the old section across the golden horn from the modern hotels . END
i started my tour of them at the turkish government tourist office , next to pan UNK office on the left as you enter the driveway that leads to the UNK hotel . END
from there i turned left along UNK UNK past more hotels and a park on the left , republic gardens , and came in a few moments to UNK square , one of the UNK of the city , with the monument of the republic , erected in 1928 , in its center . END
directly across from the gardens i found a bus stop sign for t 4 and rode it down to the bosphorus , with the sports center on my left just before i reached the water and the entrance to UNK palace immediately after that . END
there the bus turned right along the bosphorus , past ocean UNK at anchor , to UNK bridge over the entrance to the golden horn , a brown sweep of water that UNK into the bosphorus . END
across the bridge on the left i saw st. sophia with its sturdy brown minarets and to the right of them the UNK UNK of the blue mosque . END
on the other side of the golden horn i rode through UNK square , with UNK UNK , or the new mosque , which dates from the seventeenth century , just across from the entrance to the bridge . END
passing it , the bus climbed a hill , with the covered spice bazaar on the right and UNK , a famous and excellent restaurant , above it . END
at the top of the hill the buildings on the left gave way to a park . END
i got off there , crossed the street , walked ahead with st. sophia on my left , the blue mosque on my right , and in a moment came to the entrance of st. sophia . END
erected on the site of pagan temples and three previous st. UNK , the first of which was begun by constantine , this fourth church was started by justinian in UNK and completed twenty years later . END
on his first trip to the finished structure he boasted that he had built a temple UNK than UNK in jerusalem . END
a few years later the dome fell in . END
nevertheless , it remained one of the most splendid churches of the eastern empire , where the byzantine emperors were crowned . END
after the turks UNK the city in UNK they converted it to a mosque , adding the UNK minarets . END
in the second half of the sixteenth century , UNK , the great architect who is the michelangelo of the east , designed the massive UNK that now help support the dome . END
with the birth of the turkish republic after the first world war , st. sophia became a museum , and the ancient UNK , which were plastered over by the UNK , whose religion forbids pictures in holy places , have been restored . END
inside over the first door i saw one of these , which shows constantine offering the city to the virgin mary and justinian offering the temple . END
on the columns around the immense dome are round plaques with arabic writing . END
the eight green columns , i learned , came from the temple of UNK at UNK , the others , red , from the temple of the sun at UNK . END
beneath the dome i saw the spot where the byzantine emperors were crowned , a bit of floor protected now by a wooden fence . END
behind this is a UNK or UNK pulpit and near it a raised platform with golden UNK , where the emperors and , after them , the sultans , sat . END
directly opposite is the UNK door , through which they entered the building . END
outside st. sophia i walked through the flower garden in front of it , with the blue mosque ahead on my left . END
across the street on my right i saw the hippodrome , now a park . END
it was laid out in UNK for UNK races and other public games . END
statues and other monuments that stood there were stolen , mostly by the waves of UNK . END
at the beginning of the hippodrome i saw the UNK fountain , an ugly UNK building with a glass dome , built in 1895 by the german emperor , and on my left , directly across from it , the tomb of UNK UNK , who constructed the blue mosque , more properly known by his name . END
just before coming to the mosque entrance i crossed the street , entered the hippodrome , and walked ahead to the obelisk of UNK , originally erected in UNK in egypt about UNK b.c. by UNK , who also built those now in new york , london and rome at the UNK . END
this one was set up here in UNK a.d. on a pedestal , the faces of which are carved with statues of the emperor and his family watching games in the hippodrome , done so realistically that the obelisk itself is included in them . END
beyond it i noted a small green column , about twelve feet below the present ground level -- the UNK column , three UNK UNK , which once stood at the temple of apollo at UNK , greece . END
near the end of the hippodrome i came upon the built column , a UNK obelisk of blocks , all that remains of a monument that once UNK the UNK of rhodes . END
UNK my steps to the mosque of UNK UNK , only one with six minarets , i entered the courtyard , with a gallery supported by pointed arches running around it and a fountain in the middle . END
one of the most beautiful buildings in istanbul , it was constructed in the early years of the seventeenth century , with a huge central dome , two half domes that seem to UNK down from it , and smaller full domes around the gallery . END
the round minarets , tall and graceful , rise from rectangular bases and have three platforms from which the UNK can UNK his call to prayer . END
inside , the walls are covered with blue and white tile , the floor with red and cream carpets . END
back at the UNK fountain , i walked left to the streetcar stop and rode up the hill -- any car will do -- past the column of constantine , also known as the burnt column , at the top on my right . END
it stands in the middle of what was once the forum of constantine , who brought it from rome . END
i stayed on the car for a few minutes until , turning right , it entered a huge square , UNK , with the UNK mosque on the right and the gate to the university just beyond it . END
there i got off , crossed the square , and on the side directly opposite the gate found a good restaurant , hard to come by in this part of the city . END
called the UNK UNK , it is on the third floor , with signs pointing the way there , and has a terrace UNK the sea of UNK . END
after lunch , in the UNK on my left just before reaching the street i found a pastry shop that sells some of the best UNK -- a sweet , UNK cake -- in istanbul . END
it's a great favorite of the university students , and i joined them there for dessert . END
taking the streetcar back to UNK fountain , i walked ahead , then left down the street opposite st. sophia and just beyond the corner came to a small , one-story building with a UNK roof , which is the entrance to the UNK palace . END
actually an underground UNK , its roof supported by rows and rows of pillars , it was built by justinian in the sixth century to supply the palace with water . END
there is still water in it . END
i found it fairly depressing and emerged almost immediately . END
outside i walked past the entrance to st. sophia , turned left at the end of it , and continued toward a gate in the wall ahead . END
just before reaching it i came to a grey and brown stone building that looks somewhat like an oriental UNK , with arabic lettering in gold and colored tile decorations -- the fountain of UNK UNK . END
going through the imperial gate in the wall , i entered the grounds of UNK palace , home of the sultans and nerve center of the vast UNK empire , and walked along a road toward another gate in the distance , past the church of st. UNK , completed by constantine in UNK a.d. on my left , and then , just outside the second gate , i saw a spring with a tap in the wall on my right -- the UNK spring , where he washed his hands and his sword after UNK his victims . END
passing through the gate , with towers on either side once used as UNK , i entered a huge square surrounded by buildings , and on the wall to my right found a general plan of the grounds , with explanations in english for each building . END
there are a good many of them . END
at one time about 10,000 people lived there . END
following UNK signs , i UNK right toward the former kitchens , complete with UNK , which now house one of the world's greatest collections of chinese UNK and a fabulous array of silver dinner services . END
next to it is a copper section , with cooking UNK and a figure of the chief cook in an elaborate , UNK robe . END
in the court once more , i went right toward the reception house , a long one-story building with a deep UNK . END
going through a door into another small court , i had the throne room directly in front . END
i walked to the right around it to buildings containing illuminated manuscripts and came to the treasury , which houses such things as coffee cups covered with diamonds , UNK swords , rifles glittering with diamonds and huge UNK UNK as large as small beds , on which the sultans sat UNK . END
they are made of gold and covered with emeralds , UNK and other UNK . END
taking the path behind the throne room to the building directly beyond it , the portrait gallery , i went right at the end of it , through a garden to a small building at the back -- a sitting room furnished with low blue UNK , its floor covered with carpets , its ceiling painted with gold squares and UNK designs . END
( do start fires one or two hours ahead of time to obtain a lasting bed of glowing coals . END
keep ashes from one barbecue to the next to sprinkle over coals if they are too hot , and to stop flames that arise from melting grease . END
do line barbecue fire bowl with heavy foil to reflect heat . END
don't forget to buy a plastic pastry brush for UNK with sauces . END
clean it meticulously in boiling water and detergent , rinse thoroughly . END
do build a wall of glowing coals six to eight inches in front of meat that is UNK on an electric spit . END
make use of the back of the barbecue or of the hood for heating vegetables , sauces and such . END
don't fail to shorten cooking time by the use of aluminum foil cut slightly larger than the surface of steaks and UNK . END
UNK on both sides then cover meat loosely with heat reflecting foil for UNK results . END
do avoid UNK or cutting into meats to test them . END
if doubtful about a steak , boldly cut it in half . END
if necessary to replace both UNK on grill , UNK cuts and UNK extra time . END
for UNK , insert meat thermometer diagonally so it does not rest on bone . END
also make sure thermometer does not touch the revolving spit or hit the coals . END
don't practice a new recipe on guests . END
have a UNK on the family first , to be sure timing and UNK are right . END
do buy meat the day or the day before you intend to cook it . END
keep it no longer than 36 hours before cooking , and keep it in the coldest ( but UNK ) compartment of the refrigerator . END
don't plan meals that are too complicated . END
limit yourself to good meat and drink , with bread , salad , corn or potatoes as accessories . END
keep the UNK simple ; ; END
do whatever kitchen work , such as fixing a salad , preparing garlic bread , or making a UNK sauce , ahead of time . END
when you start the outdoor performance , you can stay outdoors without a dozen running trips into the kitchen . END
( this goes for getting a drink tray ready , and for having a big cooler full of ice on hand long before the party begins . END
don't think you have to start with the most expensive equipment in the world . END
the simplest grill ( pan type ) or inexpensive hibachi can make you a chef . END
you need UNK to handle meat ; ; END
long forks for turning potatoes and corn ; ; END
heavy foil on hand at all times . END
and lots of hot pads ! ! END
do keep the grill high enough above the fire so that when fat from meat UNK down and flares up , flames cannot reach the meat . END
don't forget to have a supply of UNK plates , UNK , cups , UNK , and UNK for outdoor use . END
made of the world's UNK unbreakable plastic , UNK UNK comes in almost 400 different patterns and dozens of colors . END
there is even one set that has `` barbecue '' written on it . END
do without fancy UNK . END
it's cheaper to buy UNK and cover your outdoor table . END
or buy half a dozen lengths of UNK and change patterns for different kinds of UNK . END
UNK only costs about UNK a yard for the very best . END
tougher than plastic , it wears well . END
don't forget -- when you take to the hills or the beach -- that your cooler , which you might have used for UNK or UNK on your terrace or back yard , is indispensable for carrying liquid UNK . END
there are many varieties of coolers and they serve many purposes . END
with them , you can carry steaks and hamburgers at refrigerator temperatures , and also get your frozen food for UNK and UNK , to the marina or picnic , in UNK condition . END
do use paper UNK ; ; END
except when you prepare `` do it yourself '' UNK UNK or a UNK roast . END
then you'll want terry cloth towels for UNK up . END
don't think barbecue cooking is just sometimes , or seasonal . END
it's year-round , and everywhere . END
in the winter , hibachi in the kitchen or grill over the logs of the fireplace . END
even use your portable electric or gas grill in the winter , inside . END
summertime supper , outside , is a natural . END
you'll find , once your technique is perfected , that you can cook on a boat with a simple UNK . END
do buy UNK UNK or cups . END
get copper or UNK UNK that keep beer chilled or soup hot . END
be sure to get a few more than you need . END
you will discover you keep the sauce for UNK meat in one , use six for drinks , serve soup or coffee in another UNK -- and need one more to mix the salad dressing . END
don't forget the joys of a meal on the road . END
if you travel over the vast u.s.a. you will , no doubt , discover that feeding is an expensive business . END
decide in the beginning to put your barbecue equipment to work . END
you can take it with you . END
a picnic bag , a grill , a cooler for soft drinks and beer , and for frozen convenience foods . END
eat in a restaurant or motel mornings and evenings ; ; END
turn off at any one of the marked picnic areas ( gasoline companies have touring service UNK that issue UNK on national parks to tell you where you have barbecue facilities ) and -- with soft drinks cooled from morning loading up , hamburger , buns , an array of UNK , and fresh fruit -- your lunch is 75% cheaper than at a restaurant , and 100% more fun . END
you need a little stove , a coffee pot and a stew pot ; ; END
maybe a UNK , a basket of UNK like salt , pepper , plates , forks , knives and a can opener . END
as you pull out of your motel or national park UNK , visit a market and buy just what you need for the next meal . END
for UNK load up the cooler with ice and keep cool pop in the car . END
spice is a fact of life in the u.s.a. . END
you only have to think of franks and sausages to know what i mean . END
go a step further and list all the wonderful barbecue UNK -- UNK , salami , vienna sausages , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK -- and you have a long list of easy specialties . END
threaded on a UNK with new boiled potatoes , a bit of green pepper , a fresh white UNK -- any one of these UNK meats makes a man a cook , and a meal a UNK . END
sure , for the most of us , a frankfurter is the favorite . END
a story goes that a certain herr UNK of st. louis , around 1883 served his sausages ( UNK ) and mustard to his fancy customers . END
so that his customers should not soil their hands , UNK issued white gloves . END
discovery that the gloves frequently left with the customers made the wise peddler of UNK UNK come upon a compromise . END
he had a UNK make buns sized to fit his franks . END
years later , UNK were accepted as the `` first to go '' at the new york polo grounds . END
the nation's number one picnic treat is the skinless frankfurter -- UNK over a UNK on the beach or , more UNK , charcoal UNK on a portable grill . END
either way it's hard to beat in flavor as well as ease of preparation . END
to make the picnic frank come close to perfection , remember these tips : END
-- score each frankfurter in four or five places about a third of the way through . END
this permits the UNK to UNK the meat during cooking . END
-- UNK are as vital to the success of the frank as are buns . END
bring along the conventional ones -- UNK , UNK relish , mustard , UNK -- plus a few UNK , such as UNK barbecue sauce , UNK cream cheese , or UNK for the brave ones in the crowd . END
-- using a portable grill permits you to toast the buns , too . END
watch closely while browning them , as it doesn't take long . END
-- an unusual flavor can be achieved by UNK the franks in french dressing or a mixture of honey , lemon juice and brown sugar prior to the picnic . END
UNK or toast as usual . END
contrary to popular opinion , `` a la mode '' doesn't mean `` with ice cream '' -- it just means , in the latest style . END
here are a couple of the latest , highly UNK ways to fix skinless franks in your own back yard ! ! END
you'll have the UNK eyes popping as well as their mouths watering ! ! END
1 cup chili sauce UNK cup water 1 tablespoon barbecue sauce 2 UNK prepared mustard 1/2 pound chipped , UNK ham 6 sandwich buns , heated END
combine first 4 ingredients in UNK ; ; END
you'll never hear `` UNK '' , the japanese word for goodbye , from your guests when you give a hibachi party . END
the fun of UNK their own sausages over the small oriental charcoal UNK and UNK them in UNK sauces will keep your group busy -- try it and see ! ! END
1 large onion , UNK fine 2 tablespoons salad oil 1 UNK can crushed pineapple and 1/2 cup of the juice 1/4 cup brown sugar 2 tablespoons vinegar 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1 tablespoon UNK sauce pineapple chunks END
2 tablespoons dry mustard water 1/2 cup heavy cream , whipped salt UNK END
spear canned cocktail franks with picks . END
also spear pineapple chunks and place in separate bowl . END
UNK sauce can be kept warm over a second hibachi or UNK dish while charcoal in UNK is reaching glowing coal stage . END
mustard cream , used as alternate dip for franks and pineapple UNK , tastes best when served at room temperature . END
for UNK sauce , cook onion in oil until soft . END
add remaining ingredients and bring to a boil . END
simmer about 10 minutes , and keep warm for serving . END
to prepare mustard cream , blend mustard with enough water to make a thin paste . END
fold into whipped cream and add a dash of salt and sprinkling of UNK . END
a UNK picnic with UNK frankfurters and a selection of frankfurter trimmings is a fine way to entertain guests this summer . END
be sure to have plenty of frankfurters and buns on hand . END
some UNK frank UNK are chili con UNK , UNK island sauce and savory sauerkraut . END
serve the chili and UNK hot with the franks . END
here are suggestions for the frankfurter trimmings : 1 . END
chili con UNK : use canned chili con UNK . END
UNK island sauce : finely UNK several onions and add enough UNK to UNK well ; ; END
add prepared mustard to suit taste . END
savory sauerkraut : add several tablespoons of brown sugar to a can of sauerkraut . END
add a few UNK seeds , too , if you'd like . END
1/2 cup minced celery 1/4 cup minced onion 1/2 cup tomato UNK 1/2 cup water 1/4 cup vinegar 2 tablespoons brown sugar 1 tablespoon UNK sauce 1 tablespoon prepared mustard 1/2 teaspoon salt 8 frankfurters END
combine first 9 ingredients in UNK . END
UNK frankfurters with fork ; ; END
simmer 15 minutes , stirring occasionally , until sauce is of desired consistency . END
serve in frankfurter buns or as a meat dish . END
makes 8 sandwiches or 4 UNK . END
make UNK UNK on one side of skinless frankfurters . END
stick 4 or 5 UNK in each frank , ham fashion . END
make a paste of brown sugar and mustard and spread lightly over scored surface . END
if desired , sprinkle with 1 teaspoon drained crushed pineapple . END
place on rectangle of foil and pinch edges together tightly . END
roast on grill over coals UNK minutes . END
blend 2 cups UNK mix with UNK cup milk to make a soft dough . END
UNK on lightly UNK board and roll out to form a UNK rectangle . END
spread dough with a mixture of 3 tablespoons chili sauce , 1 teaspoon UNK and 2 UNK mustard . END
cut dough carefully into 12 strips , about UNK inch by a foot long . END
twist one strip diagonally around each skinless frankfurter , UNK dough at ends to seal it . END
brush frankfurter twists with about 1/2 cup melted butter and toast slowly over glowing coals until dough is golden brown . END
1 pound ground beef 2 UNK UNK onion dash of pepper 1/2 teaspoon salt 1/2 cup UNK walnuts 1/4 cup ice cold bourbon END
form into UNK and barbecue 5 minutes on each side . END
directions are written for those who have had previous experience in making pottery . END
instructions for preparing clay , drying , UNK and firing are not given . END
basic pottery studio equipment . END
wooden butter molds and UNK presses . END
ceramic UNK clay : red , white or buff . END
UNK clay for tiles . END
UNK , UNK ceramic colors , stains , UNK as indicated in the individual instructions . END
use UNK clay , free of air bubbles and UNK enough to bend without cracking . END
clean wooden molds and presses thoroughly ; ; END
they must be free of oil , wax and dust . END
the size of wooden mold will determine the amount of clay needed . END
roll clay to thickness indicated in individual instructions . END
whenever possible , use the wooden mold as a pattern for cutting clay . END
when mold has more than one design cavity , make individual paper patterns . END
place mold or paper pattern on rolled clay and cut clay by holding knife in vertical position ( cut more pieces than required for project to make allowance for defects ; ; END
experiment with defects for decoration techniques of UNK and colors ) . END
place the cut clay piece loosely over the carved cavity design side of wooden mold . END
to obtain clear impression of mold , press clay gently but firmly into mold cavity , starting at center and working to outer edges . END
trim excess clay away from outer edges . END
check thickness of clay and build up thin areas by UNK surface with a little water and adding small pieces of clay . END
be sure to press the additional clay firmly into place without locking in air bubbles . END
allow project to stand for about five minutes ( if wooden press mold is a good antique , do not leave clay in too long as the UNK may cause mold to crack ) . END
to release clay from mold , place hands in a cupped position around project ; ; END
gently lift the edge on far side , then continue to release edge completely around mold . END
slight tapping on the underside of mold will help release the clay , but too much agitation will cause the clay to become soft and will interfere with removal of clay from mold . END
place a piece of plaster wall board or plaster bat on clay and reverse bat , clay and mold in one action . END
this will prevent the clay from twisting or bending , causing warping when fired . END
place project on table and carefully lift the mold off . END
study surface of clay for defects or desired UNK . END
if clay is slightly out of shape , square straight sides with guide sticks or rulers pressed against opposite sides , or smooth round pieces with damp fingers . END
if the background of design is too smooth , or you wish to create a UNK effect , it may be added at this time with a dull tool such as the handle of a fine UNK . END
make slight , smooth UNK rather than cuts for the texture ( cuts could cause air pockets under the glaze creating UNK or craters in the glaze during firing ) . END
leave the clay on plaster board to dry slowly , covered lightly with a loose piece of plastic or cloth to prevent warping . END
( opposite page , right top ) : UNK clay was used . END
clay was rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness . END
back of clay scored or UNK for proper gripping surface . END
glazed with two coats of creek-turn white UNK glaze ( no glaze on sides or bottom ) . END
decorated on UNK glaze with one coat of UNK ceramic colors ; ; END
raised details of designs were colored in shades of UNK , UNK , brown and pink . END
tiles were fired once to cone UNK . END
( opposite page , bottom ) : white clay was used , rolled to 1/4'' '' thickness . END
bisque fired to cone UNK . END
stained with UNK ceramic UNK stain , polished , following manufacturer's directions . END
opaque UNK and transparent wood brown were used . END
( opposite page , top left ) : red clay was used , rolled 1/2'' '' thick . END
mold was used as pattern and clay cut by holding knife at about UNK angle , to form an UNK , making base smaller than the pattern top . END
while clay is still pressed in mold , press three equally spaced holes 1/4'' '' deep , using pencil UNK , in bottom of clay to allow for proper drying and firing . END
UNK may be UNK on back while clay is leather hard . END
bisque fired to cone UNK . END
( opposite page , top left ) : remove wooden design head from bowl of butter mold . END
fill small hole in bowl with clay . END
make paper patterns for sections of jar and lid ( see fig. 1 , opposite page ) . END
measurements for rectangular pattern piece a are obtained by measuring inside UNK and depth of butter mold bowl . END
pattern for circular base piece b is diameter of aj . END
use wooden design head of mold for pattern c ; ; END
pattern d for lid fits over top diameter of aj . END
pattern for inner lid piece e fits inside aj . END
UNK are assembled in bowl of butter mold . END
use white or buff clay , rolled to UNK '' thickness . END
place patterns on rolled clay and cut around them with knife in vertical position . END
place clay pieces on wall board . END
to assemble jar , put paper pattern b for base in bottom of mold and clay disk b on top . END
line sides of mold with paper pattern aj . END
UNK and score ends of clay piece a so that they overlap about 1/2'' '' and make even thickness . END
place clay piece a inside ; ; END
use slip to join UNK ends together . END
join b to bottom of a , scoring and UNK with clay coil . END
trim excess clay from around lip of mold and set aside while assembling lid . END
to assemble lid , press clay piece c in cavity of wooden design head . END
press clay into mold as instructed in general directions . END
score plain side of c and leave in mold . END
score one side of disk d , join to c ; ; END
score other side of d and one side of disk e and join as before . END
while assembled lid is still on design head , gently but firmly press it on plaster board . END
if design head has a deep cavity , clay lid will be quite thick at this point ; ; END
press UNK of pencil gently 1/4'' '' deep into deep clay to allow vent for proper drying and firing . END
check fit of lid on jar ; ; END
if inner lid is too big , trim to fit , allowing room for thickness of glaze . END
remove lid from head of mold . END
remove jar from mold . END
place jar on plaster board with lid in place to dry slowly . END
bisque fire to cone UNK with lid on jar . END
for an antique effect on UNK , brush creek-turn brown UNK on bisque UNK and sponge it off . END
glaze with two coats of clear or transparent UNK glaze . END
the large jar was brushed with creek-turn green UNK and UNK off . END
glaze with two coats of UNK UNK in UNK with touches of blossom pink on lid . END
when dry they were fired to cone UNK . END
( made from modern wooden molds af . END
) roll white clay to UNK '' thickness . END
use mold to cut four side pieces . END
for top and bottom pieces , use short end of mold as measurement guide . END
press the side pieces of clay into cavity of mold . END
trim excess clay from rim of mold . END
cut UNK edge on the long sides of clay at a UNK angle to UNK corners . END
score UNK edges and remove pieces from mold ; ; END
place UNK up on plaster board . END
make all four sides . END
cut clay top and base pieces ; ; END
place on plaster board . END
allow all pieces to become leather hard before constructing UNK . END
construct sides , bottom and top as for box , using slip on scored edges and UNK of clay to reinforce seams . END
join the four sides together first , then add the base ; ; END
use water on finger to smooth seams and edges . END
turn UNK upside down . END
UNK base slightly to allow room for UNK . END
cut hole in base for cork UNK . END
add holes in top , forming `` s '' for salt and `` p '' for pepper . END
set aside to dry thoroughly . END
cut a strip of clay for sides long enough and wide enough for three impressions of mold design . END
press clay into cavity of one mold three times ; ; END
UNK UNK ends for UNK joint , score UNK edges . END
form clay strip into a cylinder ; ; END
use slip to join scored ends . END
place cylinder on a disk of clay slightly larger than cylinder . END
score bottom edge of cylinder and join to disk with slip . END
trim away excess clay ; ; END
reinforce seam with a coil of clay . END
this will form the sugar bowl . END
make UNK the same . END
handle for UNK is a strip of clay 1/2'' '' wide and UNK '' long . END
to add handle , place a wooden UNK against the inside wall of UNK . END
score outside of container where handle ends will be joined . END
press scored handle ends firmly in place using UNK to reinforce container while pressing ; ; END
use slip to join . END
to form UNK , between two designs , UNK area slightly and gently push clay outward . END
make lid for sugar bowl the same as jar lids , omitting design disk . END
cut a notch in lid for spoon handle if desired . END
set aside to dry with lid on sugar bowl . END
make same as salt and pepper UNK , leaving off top pieces . END
vases may be made into candles by filling with melted wax and a wick . END
cut a piece of clay for base and two for sides each about af ( long enough for three impressions of mold ) . END
press the two sides into cavity of one mold three times . END
put cut pieces on plaster board to dry to firm UNK state . END
score side edges of base ; ; END
join sides and base with slip and reinforce with coil . END
a cardboard pattern cut to fit inside holder will help to prevent warping . END
place pattern inside holder ; ; END
use three strips of clay to hold in place ( see fig. 2 , page 71 ) . END
do not use wood as it will not shrink with the clay and would cause UNK . END
let all projects dry slowly for several days . END
bisque fire to cone UNK . END
inside of pieces was glazed with three coats of creek-turn bottle green antique glaze . END
outside was finished with creek-turn brown UNK brushed on and UNK off to give antique finish . END
fired to cone UNK . END
to change from one color yarn to another : END
when changing from one color to another , whether working on right or wrong side , pick up the new strand from underneath dropped strand . END
photograph shows the wrong side of work with light strand being picked up under dark strand in position to be UNK . END
spread article on flat surface to required width before measuring length at center . END
mark row on which first stitches have been bound off for UNK by drawing a contrasting colored thread through it . END
place work on a flat surface and smooth out . END
measure straight up from marked row . END
when directions read `` UNK a marker on needle '' , put a small safety pin , paper clip , or commercial ring marker on needle . END
in working , always slip marker from one needle to another . END
to mark a row or UNK , tie contrasting thread around end of row or UNK to be marked . END
to sew seams with UNK : END
most seams are UNK with UNK , especially on curved , UNK or loose edges . END
pin right sides of pieces together , keeping edges even and matching rows or patterns . END
thread matching yarn in tapestry needle . END
run end of yarn through several stitches along edge to secure ; ; END
UNK pieces together close to edge . END
do not draw yarn too tight . END
to sew in sleeves : END
place sleeve seam at center UNK and center of sleeve cap at shoulder seam . END
ease in any extra fullness evenly around . END
to weave seams together : END
straight vertical edges , such as those at the back seam of a sock , can be woven together UNK . END
thread matching yarn in tapestry needle . END
hold edges together , right side up . END
hotei is 23 feet long with an UNK beam and every inch a family boat . END
UNK can ride in the forward cockpit where the UNK has a clear view . END
youngsters can sleep or UNK themselves safely in the large cabin which has UNK UNK UNK , bunks for three , galley and marine toilet . END
the UNK can sun themselves in the UNK aft cockpit . END
all are well distributed , not crowded together near the stern . END
and with passenger weight shifted forward , hotei levels off for speed under power of a UNK 800 . END
the UNK motor drives her at 25 UNK with six aboard ! ! END
with only two aboard , hotei does better than 27 UNK -- and she gives a comfortable ride at this speed even in a UNK UNK . END
she also banks into a turn like a fine UNK -- not digging in on the outside to throw passengers all over the boat like many a small cabin cruiser . END
nor is she a wet boat . END
we've been out in UNK waves and stayed dry . END
a lot of thought went into storage space construction . END
there's a large compartment in the forward cockpit for charts and other items . END
the cabin has several shelves for small items and storage under the bunks for water UNK , life jackets , etc. . END
the aft cockpit has a af storage bin over six feet long that doubles as a seat . END
on each side of the motor well there's storage for battery , UNK , line and spare props with UNK gas tanks below . END
the well itself is designed to take two UNK UNK or UNK if you wish and there's room for a UNK UNK gas tank below it . END
needless to say , you can't build hotei in a couple of weeks . END
our building time was slightly over 400 hours -- but the total cost for the hull with fiberglas bottom , sink , head and hardware was under $800 . END
a comparable manufactured boat would cost close to $3,000 . END
consider what you have to earn to be able to spend the $3,000 and your building time is well worth it . END
a UNK trailer , model UNK , is used to transport the boat to the UNK . END
this piece of equipment costs a little over $600 but it will save you that in UNK and hauling fees in a few years . END
all framing in hotei is one-inch mahogany which , in the dressed state you buy it , is about the UNK thickness specified in the drawings . END
therefore , the lumber is bought in planks and ripped to size for battens , etc. , on a table saw . END
besides UNK bronze screws , UNK bronze stronghold nails ( made by independent nail & packing co. , UNK , mass. ) are used extensively in assembly and UNK UNK glue is used in all the joints . END
construction follows a thorough study of the drawings . END
start by laying out the six frames and the transom on a level floor . END
draw each outline in a UNK UNK , one on top of the other . END
in this way you will be able to detect any obvious mistakes . END
the transom frame is made first with the joints UNK , glued and fastened with one-inch , no. 12 stronghold nails . END
after UNK it for the keelson , chines and battens , the UNK plywood transom is secured to it with glue and the same type nails . END
all frames are UNK at the joints and UNK plywood UNK are glued and nailed on each side of each joint , again using the one-inch , no. 12 nails . END
the frames are UNK only for the keelson and the chines . END
if UNK for the battens , they would require more work , be weakened and UNK holes would have to be bored so that UNK water could flow through . END
nowhere in the boat do the frames come in contact with the plywood planking . END
the jig is erected after the frames and transom are complete . END
this is an important step because any UNK would cause progressively worse UNK in the hull as you advance in construction . END
be sure all members are parallel , vertical and level as required . END
after the frames and transom are set up on the jig and temporarily braced , a piece of UNK mahogany ( only widths will be given since the UNK thickness is used throughout ) is UNK between frames one and two below the line of the keelson . END
the frames are glued and screwed to this piece . END
the joints are also reinforced on each side with small blocks set in UNK fiberglas cloth and nailed . END
it is over this piece that the UNK stem and keelson are UNK . END
the keelson , made of two UNK widths , is next installed . END
the first piece is glued and screwed to the frames and transom and the piece UNK between frames one and two . END
the second piece is in turn glued and screwed to the first . END
note , however , that it is six inches shorter at the forward end . END
one-inch , no. 10 screws are used in both cases . END
a stem jig is next cut to the proper shape and temporarily fastened to frame one . END
the stem is UNK from four pieces . END
take two UNK pieces and rip them down the center of the thickness to make the four . END
then spread a generous amount of glue on the four pieces and bend them into place on the jig . END
the first two pieces butt against the inner member of the keelson and are glued and screwed to the brace between the first two frames . END
the second two pieces lap over the inner member of the keelson and butt against the outer member . END
they're glued and screwed to the inner member of the keelson . END
a number of c clamps hold the pieces together on the jig until the glue sets . END
all bottom battens are two inches wide . END
the side ones are a UNK narrower . END
the battens are carefully fastened in place after some necessary UNK on all frames . END
glue and UNK , no. 10 screws are used . END
placement is important because the rear seat , bunks and front jump seats rest on or are fastened to many of the side battens . END
with the exception of two battens , all run to the stem where they are glued and screwed after careful UNK . END
the chines go in the same way except that they are made of two pieces of UNK wood for strength and easier bending . END
UNK is always a tedious job but the work can be cut down considerably with a skill UNK and a simple jig . END
i clamped a UNK piece of aluminum to the base of the UNK with a pair of sure grips . END
the aluminum , flush against the battens , acted as a UNK stick and enabled me to plane the chines and keelson to the proper UNK easily . END
if you don't own a UNK and don't want to buy one , it's well worth renting . END
the planking is UNK , UNK UNK royal marine plywood . END
this can be obtained in UNK widths 24 feet long . END
the UNK width leaves very little waste . END
four pieces are used . END
plank the sides first , using glue and one-inch , no. 12 stronghold nails at all battens , the stem and the transom . END
another person inside with a weight against each UNK will help in the UNK . END
the best procedure is to have a few friends hold the planking in place while you mark it off . END
then trim the excess . END
i used a UNK UNK made by porter cable for this job . END
it's good for cutting all the planking because it cuts with a UNK blade at high rpm and does not chatter the plywood like a UNK saw . END
when cut , the planking is clamped in place for a final and careful UNK . END
then it is marked on the inside where it comes in contact with the transom , frames , keelson and all the battens . END
it may then be UNK for the UNK . END
the next step is to remove it and spread glue where it has been marked at the contact points . END
then it is replaced and fastened . END
the bottom planking is applied in the same manner . END
after planking , the bottom gets a layer of fiberglas . END
the spray rails are first glued on the outside and fastened from the inside with screws . END
then the chines are rounded off and the bottom is UNK in preparation . END
since the sides are also covered up to the spray rails , they are also UNK in that area . END
the cloth is laid on one half of the bottom at a time . END
a UNK width is used on each side and it UNK the keel line by about three inches . END
lay the cloth in place and trim it to size . END
then remove it and give the whole bottom a coat of resin . END
when the resin has hardened , mix up another batch with a pigment added if you wish . END
i used bright red , mixing the pigment in thoroughly before adding the UNK . END
using a cheap brush , coat one side of the bottom with the resin and then apply the cloth . END
when the cloth is smooth , apply another coat of resin , spreading it with a paint UNK . END
be sure it is well saturated and then allow it to UNK . END
when the whole bottom has hardened , use a disk UNK to feather the edges of the cloth at the keel line and near the spray rail . END
then lay a UNK strip of cloth along the keel line from the transom to the point of the stem . END
before the resin has hardened , screw a one-inch mahogany keel strip along the UNK . END
this protects the bottom in UNK . END
fiberglas materials are available from glass plastic supply co. , UNK w. elizabeth ave. , linden , n. j. . END
they will also supply literature on application . END
the hull is now turned over ( with the help of about seven friends ) and placed in a level , UNK position . END
i set it on the UNK trailer . END
i laid three layers of glass cloth on the inside of the stem , also installing a bow eye at this time . END
for added strength , i also fastened a small block on each side of every frame and UNK joint . END
again , these blocks were set in UNK glass cloth and nailed . END
after UNK off the excess on the frames and transom which was used to fasten them to the jig at a working height , the top of the side planking is installed . END
this is made up of UNK left over from the sides and bottom . END
these UNK parts really help to keep the boat dry . END
when they're on , the top edges are UNK even with the sheer UNK . END
the sides of the motor well run from the bottom battens to the top and from frame six to the transom , forming a real strong transom brace . END
note another piece of wood six inches wide is fastened to the transom between these pieces . END
the UNK is UNK mahogany marine plywood . END
all the flooring and the storage bin is UNK exterior UNK plywood . END
most floor battens are glued and screwed to the flooring . END
the exception is where the flooring butts . END
these battens are glued and screwed to the frames . END
with all deck battens in place , the UNK is cleaned and painted up to the floor line . END
use one coat of UNK and one coat of marine paint . END
bottoms of the floorboards are also painted and the flooring is then screwed in place . END
after the UNK is on , the cabin sides are installed . END
they're followed by the front and rear UNK as illustrated . END
the windshield glass is UNK and UNK is used in the cabin . END
inside , bunks are framed up and installed as indicated . END
a head is a handy thing to have and i installed one under a UNK section of the port bunk . END
the sink in the UNK panel above the bunk drains into the head and a UNK water tank is mounted on the UNK above the sink . END
for UNK the seats and bunks , i used UNK , type aj . END
lightweight , UNK , fire resistant and UNK stable , it is easily UNK to the wood with contact cement . END
available in af sheets , it costs about a dollar a square foot . END
you can build this vacation cottage yourself . END
it is a full scale , small , but efficient house that can become a year 'round retreat complete in every detail . END
because of the unique design by the architect UNK UNK , you can build most of it in your own home workshop in your spare time . END
most of it is UNK and utilizes standard materials , and requires the use of only simple tools . END
on the following pages and in the following issues we take you every step of the way to your vacation cottage , from choosing the proper site to applying the final trim . END
in recognition of the growing trend for second homes , or vacation cottages , we have designed this one specifically with the family UNK in mind . END
it is a big project , not to be taken lightly . END
but each step has been broken down into easy stages , utilizing standard materials and simple tools , well within the capabilities of the UNK . END
the idea behind our design is modular units , or UNK . END
everything possible has been UNK to standard sizes and measurements of materials . END
wall panels and structural timbers are standard as are windows and doors , making for a minimum of cutting . END
we have developed an ingenious method of interlocking these so that you can make the major part of your house in your own workshop , panel by panel , according to plan . END
thus , when you have prepared your foundation and laid the floor , these can be UNK to the site and erected with a small crew of friends in a weekend . END
the roof timbers are UNK and the panels standard so that the house can be completely enclosed in a matter of three or four days . END
then you can do the finishing touches at your leisure . END
due to the fact that building codes and regulations vary so much throughout the country , the first thing to do is to find out what , if any , they are . END
close to a large city they might even specify the size of the nails used ; ; END
in a remote section there might be no restrictions at all . END
this can usually be found out at the nearest town hall . END
at the same time check the electrical , plumbing , and sanitary requirements , as well as possible zoning regulations . END
whether electricity and public water and sewers are available or not , check the local customs in the use of UNK or UNK gas ( we give you alternatives later on ) . END
be sure that this information is reasonably official and not just an UNK opinion . END
if there are any major restrictions , they usually can be obtained in printed form . END
where a building permit is required , find out what you must present when applying for one . END
in many cases , you must file a complete set of plans with the local building inspector . END
these will be available at cost from our plans department . END
some general things to look for in a site , if you haven't already bought one , are UNK , water drainage , and orientation . END
how are the roads , and how will they stand up ? ? END
is there evidence of UNK on the property ; ; END
UNK areas or UNK springs ? ? END
a visit in the early spring after a thaw will be very UNK . END
note where the sun rises and sets , and ask which direction the prevailing winds and storms come from . END
will the view be something you can live with ? ? END
don't worry too much about rocky or sloping terrain ; ; END
we will take up alternative foundations later on . END
with this first issue we give you a list of the materials needed to build the basic ( UNK version ) and the expandable ( UNK version ) . END
this will be for the shell of the house only ( roof , walls , and floor ) , and does not include the UNK or balcony . END
this will permit you to get a rough estimate of how much the materials for the shell will cost . END
bear in mind that this does not include interior panels for UNK , fancy flooring , appliances and UNK , electrical UNK , and plumbing , all of which will be taken up in detail in later issues . END
the wall panels are constructed of a framework of standard af and af of a good grade , free from structural faults . END
they should be as straight as possible , as this will effect their ability to mesh properly when the walls are erected . END
the outside surface of the solid units shall be of an exterior grade of panel board such as plywood , plastic coated panel board , high density particle board , UNK board , or any other product locally obtainable upon recommendation of your building supply dealer . END
the inner panels do not have to be UNK , and the choice will depend on the quality of finish desired . END
all panel board comes in standard af foot size . END
it is recommended that panels be both glued as well as nailed to the frame . END
the fixed window panels with UNK should have a good grade of UNK UNK glass set in a UNK UNK compound . END
the UNK are constructed as shown in the detail , with a drop door for ventilation . END
there are standard sliding glass windows in wood or aluminum frames for those panels requiring them . END
the door panels are designed to accommodate standard doors which should be of exterior grade . END
the UNK panels for the UNK ends are cut from full af sheets as shown , leaving no UNK . END
the battens covering the joints are of af stock and are applied after the walls are erected . END
all nails should be UNK , and aluminum is highly recommended . END
note : if UNK panel board is used inside and out , or UNK one side and UNK the other , and UNK glass is used , stock lumber in af , af , and af can be used in making the glass panels . END
other UNK may necessitate UNK a special size lumber for the glass trim . END
in any case , there is no special milling or UNK required for the panels . END
with modern techniques of UNK and the UNK of cutting tools , UNK , and attachments available , the drill press has become a basic home workshop tool . END
the drill press consists of a vertical shaft ( spindle ) which is tapered or threaded on one end to hold a drill chuck , a tubular housing ( quill ) in which the spindle is mounted , a head in which the quill is mounted , a feed lever which moves the quill up or down , a power source , and a movable table upon which the work is placed . END
there is often a means of locking the quill and , on larger presses , the table can be tilted . END
the size of the press is usually expressed in terms of chuck capacity ( the maximum diameter tool UNK it will hold ) or distance between the spindle center and the column . END
a press with an 11 inch capacity lets you drill to the center of a 22 inch board or circle . END
a new radial drill press with a 16 inch capacity has a UNK head that allows drilling to be done at any angle . END
the head is mounted on a horizontal arm that UNK on the supporting column to position the drill bit instead of the work . END
the drill press should be leveled and , depending on whether it is a bench or floor model , bolted securely to a sturdy bench or stand or screwed to the floor with UNK or expansion screws . END
this will reduce vibration and increase accuracy . END
a coat of paste wax or a UNK with a piece of wax paper will protect the polished surface of the table ; ; END
wiping with a slightly UNK cloth will discourage UNK of the column and quill . END
presses not fitted with sealed spindle bearings will need a drop of oil now and then in the UNK holes in the quill . END
the rest of the press should be kept clean by dusting with a clean rag or brush . END
be careful to keep the drive belt free of oil and grease . END
belt tension is adjusted by manipulation of two locking UNK and a movable motor mount . END
keep the belt just tight enough so the UNK won't slip when pulled by hand ; ; END
excess tension will only cause undue wear on the motor and spindle bearings . END
most drill presses have a quill return spring that raises the spindle automatically when the feed lever is released and holds the quill in the raised position . END
the return spring tension may be adjusted to suit individual requirements by gripping the spring housing with a pair of UNK ( to prevent the spring from UNK when it is released ) , UNK the lock nut or screw , and rotating the housing until the desired tension is achieved . END
turning the housing UNK will reduce tension , UNK will increase it . END
don't lose the chuck key END
some manufacturers have had the foresight to provide a UNK for the chuck key ; ; END
otherwise , you'll have to spend a few minutes to either attach a suitable spring clip somewhere on the press head or fit the key to a length of light chain and fasten to the bottom of the motor mount so that the key is out of the way when not in use . END
drill speeds are important if you want a good job . END
each cutting tool will operate best at a given speed , depending on the material worked . END
on most drill presses , it is impossible to get the exact speed , but you can come close by adjusting the drive belt on the UNK UNK . END
you will find a chart giving the various speed ratios available with your particular drill press somewhere in the instruction UNK that came with the tool . END
see the table on page 34 for exact recommended speeds . END
generally , the larger the tool and the harder the material , the slower the speed . END
feed pressure is also of major importance . END
too much pressure will force the tool beyond its cutting capacity and result in rough cuts and jammed or broken tools . END
too light a feed , particularly with metal or other hard material , causes UNK of the tool and burning of the cutting edge . END
the best results will be obtained by matching the correct speed with a steady feed pressure that lets the tool cut easily at an even rate . END
there are numerous types and styles of tools to drill holes . END
the most common are the twist drill , the solid center shaft with UNK cutting blades , the double spur bit , and the power wood bit . END
all will do a good job if sharp , but the twist drills don't cut quite as smoothly as the others , since they do not have the UNK UNK that UNK the fibers before actual boring starts . END
the UNK fly cutter is very useful for cutting large diameter holes and can be used to cut UNK discs by reversing the cutter blade . END
since fly cutters are one UNK and not balanced , they should be used at the UNK speed available , and fed very slowly to avoid binding . END
fly cutters can fool you into putting your hand too close to the tool , so if you want to avoid UNK fingers , keep your hands well out of the way . END
when drilling all the way through a UNK , always place a piece of scrap wood underneath . END
this will not only protect the work table , but also assure a clean breakthrough . END
another method of assuring a clean hole is to first drill a small pilot hole all the way through , then drill half way with the dimensional bit , turn the piece over , and finish from the other side . END
in soft woods with pronounced grain , there is sometimes a tendency for the hole to wander , due to the varying UNK of the wood . END
in this case , drilling a small pilot hole or UNK the work will do much to improve accuracy . END
when a hole is to be bored to a UNK depth , mark the depth on the side of the stock , then run the bit down so that it is even with the mark . END
the depth gauge rod can now be set , and any number of holes bored to exact and identical depth . END
the old-time bridges over the UNK river in massachusetts are of unusual interest in many respects . END
for their length , their types of construction , their picturesque settings , and their literary associations , they should be known and remembered . END
in this sequence i shall write about them in the order of their erection . END
the first bridge known to have been covered wholly or in part , -- and perhaps the most interesting one , connected newbury ( now newburyport ) with salisbury point . END
its building was first proposed in UNK , when a group of citizens , mostly newburyport men , petitioned the general court for an act of UNK . END
this document began : `` no. 1 newbury port , may 30th , UNK END
`` whereas , a bridge over merrimack river , from the land of UNK jonathan UNK , UNK , in UNK , to deer island , and from said island to salisbury , would be of very extensive utility , by UNK a safe UNK to carriages , teams and UNK at all seasons of the year , and at all times of tide . END
`` we , the subscribers , do agree , that as soon as a convenient number of persons have UNK to this , or a similar writing , we will present a petition to the UNK general court of the commonwealth of massachusetts , UNK for an act UNK into a body politic the subscribers to such writing with liberty to build such a bridge , and a right to demand a toll equal to that received at UNK bridge , and on like terms , and if such an act shall be obtained , then we UNK agree each with the others , that we will hold in the said bridge the several shares set against our respective names , the whole into two hundred shares being divided , and that we will pay such sums of money at such times and in such manners , as by the said proposed corporation , shall be directed and required '' . END
this paper was signed by forty-five persons , UNK a total of two hundred shares . END
a month later the general court served notice to the town of newbury that the bridge was to be built . END
the matter was considered and UNK , and finally opposed , but in spite of many objections , the court granted a charter on january 9 , UNK . END
on november 26 of that year the bridge was completed and opened . END
timothy palmer , who invented and later UNK the arch type of construction for wooden bridges , was the genius who planned and supervised the building of the essex , or `` deer island '' bridge although the actual work was carried out under the direction of william coombs , who received $300 as UNK . END
this UNK bridge is best described by rev. timothy dwight , president of yale college , in his `` travels in UNK and UNK '' , published in new haven in 1821 . END
he says of it : END
`` it consists of two divisions , separated by an island at a small distance from the southern shore . END
the division between the island and this shore , consists principally of an arch ; ; END
whose chord is one hundred and sixty feet , and whose UNK is forty feet ( it was actually 37 feet ) above the UNK mark . END
in appearance and construction it resembles the UNK bridge . END
the whole length of essex bridge is one thousand and thirty feet and its breadth thirty-four . END
i have already mentioned that mr. timothy palmer of newburyport was the inventor of the arched bridges in this country . END
as mr. palmer was educated to UNK only , and had never seen a structure of this nature ; ; END
he certainly deserves not a little credit for the invention '' . END
it is hardly necessary to remind students of covered bridges that timothy palmer was born in UNK in nearby UNK ; ; END
that he moved with his parents to west UNK when he was sixteen years old ; ; END
and was there UNK to a builder and architect , moody UNK . END
it was indeed a remarkable feat that a man who had had no experience of bridge building should have applied the principle of the arch , which appears in his famous bridges at portsmouth , UNK , and philadelphia . END
the essex merrimack bridge when first built was not covered . END
as far as we know , no american bridge had been thus protected in UNK . END
richard s. allen is the authority for the statement that the northern section was probably UNK by 1810 . END
its original appearance is shown in an UNK published in the `` massachusetts magazine '' in may 1793 , which is reproduced UNK ( fig. 1 ) . END
a brief description accompanying the picture says that the bridge contained more than UNK tons of timber . END
between the UNK on the newbury shore and the south bank of deer island there was one span or arch measuring 160 feet ; ; END
between the north shore of deer island and the salisbury side there was an arch of UNK feet and a series of piers with a draw forty feet long . END
a dinner and celebration in honor of this piece of engineering took place july 4 , 1793 , in a UNK erected by the corporation on the island . END
it is said that the eccentric timothy UNK , who was one of the first UNK , stood on the table and made a speech worthy of the occasion . END
the `` essex journal '' says that he `` delivered an UNK on the bridge , which for elegance of style , propriety of speech or force of argument , was truly UNK '' . END
the reporter must have written this with tongue in cheek , because UNK UNK could hardly be understood ; ; END
and , although he later explained that he was talking french , it seems rather more likely that he had succumbed to the joys of the evening . END
the north portion of the essex bridge was well worth the cost of construction , although it proved to be twice what was estimated in the beginning . END
it stood in its original form until UNK . END
the southern half , however , on account of its UNK , was considered by boat owners a menace to navigation . END
in 1810 it was torn down and replaced by a chain suspension bridge . END
this was built by john UNK from plans submitted by james UNK of fayette county , pennsylvania . END
timothy palmer had general supervision of the work . END
an UNK in the `` newburyport herald '' , december 21 , 1810 , shows palmer in a new light as an expert on chain bridges . END
it reads : `` chain bridges END
information is hereby given that mr. timothy palmer of newburyport , mass. has agreed to take charge of the concerns of the UNK of the chain bridge , in the states of massachusetts , new hampshire , vermont , rhode island , and connecticut , so far as relates to the sale of patent rights and the construction of chain bridges . END
`` mr. palmer will attend to any applications relating to bridges and if desired will view the proposed site , and lay out and UNK the work , or recommend a suitable person to execute it . END
`` approved , timothy palmer '' END
this chain bridge proved less durable than the wooden arch on the salisbury end . END
it fell , february 6 , UNK , carrying with it a horse and wagon , two men and four oxen . END
the horse and men were saved , but the oxen drowned . END
in spite of this catastrophe , the bridge was rebuilt on the same plan and opened again on july 17 , UNK . END
this second chain bridge was UNK feet long , had two UNK towers and a draw , and a double roadway . END
the essex bridge was a toll crossing until 1868 , when the county commissioners laid out all the merrimack bridges as highways . END
sturdy and strong after more than a century of continuous use , the old covered , wooden bridge that spans the UNK valley river at philippi will have a distinctive part in the UNK observance of the first land battle of the civil war at its home site , may 28th to june 3rd . END
colonel frederick w. UNK , UNK , will again make his UNK ride down the steep UNK of UNK ( now college ) hill and thunder across the bridge to join colonel benjamin f. UNK ( west ) virginia infantry , then UNK through the streets in pursuit of the retreating UNK . END
he was closely followed by the ohio and indiana troops -- thus the old bridge has another distinction ; ; END
that of being the first such structure secured by force of arms in the war of the UNK . END
the bridge has survived the natural hazards of the elements , war , fire , and floods , as well as injuries incident to heavy traffic , for more than a hundred years . END
twice during the civil war it was saved from destruction by the opposing armies by the UNK and prayers of a local minister . END
it still stands as a monument to the engineering skills of the last century and still serves in the gasoline age to carry heavy traffic on u.s. route 250 -- the old beverly and UNK turnpike . END
it is one of the very few , if not the only surviving bridge of its type to serve a main artery of the u.s. highway system , thus it is far more than a relic of the horse and buggy days . END
this covered , wooden bridge is so closely identified with the first action in the early morning of june 3 , 1861 , and with subsequent troop movements of both armies in the philippi area that it has become a part and UNK of the war story . END
so frequently have pictures of the bridge appeared in books and in national publications that it UNK with the old john brown fort at UNK ferry as the two nationally best known structures in west virginia . END
completed and opened for traffic in UNK , the bridge was designed and built by UNK UNK and his brother , UNK , of beverly . END
the UNK brothers were experienced bridge builders , and against the competition of other , and better known , bridge designers and builders they had constructed nine of the covered , wooden bridges on the parkersburg and UNK turnpike a dozen years before , as well as many other bridges for several counties . END
the philippi bridge , however , was the UNK master piece , with its UNK , dual lane , span -- and it stands today as a monument to its builders . END
never rebuilt , the bridge was UNK in 1938 by two extra piers , a concrete floor , and a UNK along the upper side in order to care for modern traffic . END
during the war it was in constant use by the wagon trains UNK supplies from the UNK at grafton to the troops operating in the interior . END
union soldiers at times used it for sleeping quarters to escape from the rain or other UNK weather , and some of them left UNK of their stay by carving their names and small UNK on its walls and beams . END
but what the elements could not do was seriously threatened when brigadier general william e. ( grumble ) jones reached philippi while on the famous UNK raid in may , UNK . END
general jones was fresh from a long series of bridge UNK , including the long bridge at UNK , and , after seeing a great drove of horses and cattle he had collected safely across the bridge , he sent his men to work piling UNK in and around it . END
reverend UNK UNK , a baptist minister , gathered a few citizens of southern sympathies , to call on jones and plead with him to spare the structure ; ; END
he reasoned and argued , pointing out that jones or other confederate commanders would need it should troops pass that way in retreat . END
jones UNK , he did not order his men to apply the UNK -- the drove of livestock was driven up the valley , via beverly , and across the mountains to feed and serve the confederate army , while jones and his UNK turned toward UNK to join forces with UNK . END
again reverend UNK saved the bridge when union soldiers planned to destroy it , after filling its two lanes with hay and straw -- but for what reason is not recorded nor remembered , certainly not because of pressure from an opposing confederate force . END
on the second occasion it took prayers as well as reason to UNK the soldiers from their purpose . END
centering around this historic old structure , a group of UNK UNK county citizens have organized and planned a UNK series of events , beginning on may 28th and continuing through june 3rd , to observe most appropriately the centennial of the first land engagement of the civil war at philippi . END
it is a good eight years now since each of us acquired a swimming pool -- eight UNK , vigorous , rigorous , not wholly UNK years . END
we have learned a lot -- a dash of UNK here , a bit about plumbing and UNK there . END
we have had sound UNK in the principles of the UNK school of diplomacy . END
we have become amateur insurance experts and UNK yard birds . END
true , our problems have lessened a bit as more and more of our neighbors have built their own pools , thereby UNK our spectacular attractions . END
but problems cling to pools , as any pool owner knows . END
so our innate generosity of spirit UNK us to share our trials , errors and solutions with any who are taking the pool plunge for the first time -- in the pious hope that some may profit from our experience . END
position may not be everything , but in the case of a pool it can certainly contribute difficulties , social and/or physical . END
we speak from varying UNK . END
one of us has a pool set in a wooded area very near the house . END
the other has his pool far away from the house in a field high on a hill . END
if you are dreaming of a blue , UNK pool right outside your living room windows , close your eyes firmly and fill in the picture with lots and lots of children , damp towels , UNK tubes of UNK oil and UNK plastic toys . END
you are likely to be nearer the truth . END
you can also see that the greater the proximity of the pool to your main living quarters , the greater the chance for violation of family privacy , annoying noise and the UNK attitude . END
on the other hand , UNK does not lead to UNK when children cannot be easily observed and you have to make a long UNK to reach the pool . END
another dilemma : as picturesque as a UNK pond in the forest may be , trees offer a leaf and root hazard to the well-being of a pool . END
yet a UNK approach can turn a pool into a floating lawn every time the grass is UNK . END
as in choosing a wife , it is only sensible to consider also how appealing a pool is likely to be in bad weather as well as in good . END
in the colder UNK , for instance , you will have to live through the many UNK winter months when your pool will hardly look its best . END
it may be a big hole in the ground filled with salt hay , or an ice UNK studded with logs . END
even a neat , UNK plunge is not exactly a joy to behold . END
( we do , however , recommend those UNK covers to prevent both people and junk -- UNK and UNK generally -- from accidentally UNK in the pool . END
probably no location for a pool is perfect on all counts . END
naturally it will be dictated to a large extent by the shape and size of your land . END
but if space and money are no problem and small children are not on hand every day , it is certainly more UNK to have your pool and entertainment area removed from the immediate environs of the house . END
and a good several feet around the pool should be neither UNK nor woods , but good hard pavement . END
the placement of your pool , however , will not of itself solve the two major problems of pool UNK -- those that involve your social life and those pertaining to safety . END
coping with them demands stern discipline -- of yourself as well as of your family , neighbors , friends and anyone you ever talked to on a UNK jet . END
eight years ago while we were going through the UNK construction period , we were each UNK by the vision of early morning UNK and evening UNK to a cool family collected around the pool with a buffet table laid out nearby for the lord and master's UNK . END
but not even our first UNK gatherings came anywhere near those rosy fantasies . END
we seemed to be witnessing the population explosion right in our own UNK . END
our respective families looked as if they had UNK . END
had we taken a UNK on a state park ? ? END
we had merely been discovered by the pool UNK . END
we were in business ! ! END
from proud UNK to perpetual hosts and UNK was a short step -- no more than the change from city clothes to trunks . END
naive of us , maybe , but the results of our UNK invitations to `` come over next summer and swim in our new pool '' were both unexpected and UNK . END
after the first few weeks , it was obvious that rules had to be made , laid down and obeyed -- even if our popularity ratings became UNK as a result . END
so rules we made , in UNK UNK . END
since our UNK in this respect coincided precisely , we present the fruits of our efforts UNK as a single social code for pool owners . END
first and foremost : no one -- no , not anyone -- in the family is allowed to issue blanket invitations to his or her own circle . END
just short of forty UNK we finally managed to UNK our children to this view . END
their friends and ours are welcome to share the pool , but on our terms and at our times . END
no friends are to arrive without an invitation or without at least UNK UNK . END
no UNK , either -- even if they are trailing legitimate UNK . END
we want to know when the UNK telephone exactly how many they are planning to bring , so that we won't end up with a UNK mob that looks like UNK island in august . END
no young children may come without adults except for a specific , organized , UNK party . END
and accompanying adults are urged to keep an alert and sensible eye on their responsibilities . END
a UNK of UNK mothers , backs to the pool , is no safeguard . END
no bottle pool is tolerated -- bottle pool being our UNK for those who come to swim and sink into our bar while protesting that they can only UNK and run . END
( sanity , UNK and relations with our wine merchant took a beating that first summer as we UNK became the neighborhood UNK stop . END
we designated one day a week as the time when neighborhood teen-agers might swim at definite hours . END
this has saved us from constant requests seven days a week and made us feel less brutal to the young `` less fortunate '' than ours . END
we also worked out logistics for sunday afternoon UNK who arrive two hours early with their weekend guests while we are still enjoying an UNK lunch en UNK . END
we gently UNK them to an island of tables and chairs UNK placed on the far side of the pool where they can UNK each other until we get ready to merge sides . END
all dressing ( UNK to be more exact ) must be done in our small bath house or at the UNK homes . END
( to avoid any possible excuse for a dripping parade through your house , it is a good idea to have a telephone extension near the pool as well as a direct outdoor route between the pool , and the parking area . END
) we do , however , provide a limited number of extra suits , mainly for children , and we stock extra towels and a few inexpensive bathing UNK . END
UNK , the UNK UNK kind , are held in readiness , too , for the very young . END
safety rules , of course , are more important than all the others put together . END
in many localities , now , the law requires all pools to be UNK , usually to a minimum height of 5 feet . END
but UNK or UNK , no UNK is the place for running or UNK . END
we allow no underwater endurance contests , either , or UNK versions of water polo . END
diving boards must have UNK surfaces ( UNK UNK takes an awful beating from chlorine and UNK quickly , but UNK paints are excellent ) . END
and UNK must be enjoined to look before they leap , either on top of someone else or onto a pool edge . END
our pools also have wide , shallow steps -- for the benefit of the UNK UNK who can thus be introduced to the water with far greater safety than a ladder affords . END
all bottles must be kept a safe distance away from the pool and drinking glasses are UNK in favor of plastic or metal cups . END
when you first acquire a pool , we earnestly recommend -- for your own mental health -- a good long chat with your insurance agent . END
you should be prepared to cope with any UNK such as UNK into empty pools or shallow ends and all manner of winter as well as summer UNK . END
UNK pools , alas , do not just happen . END
they are the result of a constant and careful contest with the elements . END
unless you want to make your wife a pool widow and to spend a great many of your leisure hours nursing your pool's UNK purity , its care and feeding -- from ph content to filtering and UNK -- is best left to a weekly or UNK professional service . END
of course , if your pool is close to the house , your wife can always add it to her housekeeping chores ( you hope ) . END
or you can make pool care the price of swimming for teen-agers . END
even so , every pool owner , in case of emergency , should have some idea of what makes things work . END
a brief course in UNK from the pool builders may well be appreciated in a future crisis . END
a sudden high rise in temperature will turn your pool poison green overnight . END
you need more chlorine . END
the walls feel slippery . END
with or without professional help , you will have to be able to do some of these jobs yourself unless you have a full-time pool nurse . END
you should see to it that the trap , the UNK in front of the filter , is always clean . END
a pool is no place for a shut trap . END
you should firmly insist that no bobby pins or hair pins be worn in the water . END
when shed , they leave rust marks . END
you can hope against hope that come spring cleaning , your UNK friends will lend a hand at UNK and UNK . END
many hours of spring cleaning will be saved , however , if you remove the main drain UNK when you close the pool season in the fall . END
as the pool is emptied , stand by to brush down the walls and bottom while they are still wet . END
much of the dirt and leaf stain is easily removed when damp , but requires dynamite if allowed to dry . END
if you have a UNK to UNK drain pipe , you may easily wash out all the debris when the UNK is out . END
of course , when your UNK torrent of water is released , it may cause a lot of comment as it passes through or by neighboring properties . END
do not forget this possibility . END
if your pool is located on or near sloping ground , it may have natural drainage which is certainly more desirable than to be faced with the annual expense and labor of first pumping out the water and then UNK out all the debris . END
it may be true that pool lighting UNK an evening scene , but lights also attract all the insect life for miles around . END
once on the water , these little visitors seldom leave , and this adds to your filtering and UNK problems as well as providing a slapping good time for all those present . END
often one UNK high in a tree will provide all the light you need at much less expense . END
our experience has taught us that it pays to buy the best equipment possible , from pipes to brushes . END
follow UNK instructions to the letter , and be sure that one person ( in the family or not ) is regularly responsible for each aspect of the job , with no chance for claiming , `` it wasn't my turn '' . END
never let anyone not in the know take a turn at the valves -- even if the little boys do want to play space ship . END
you may find yourself hitting bottom , literally , as you discover that water is running out even while you are putting it in . END
draw a line across the country at the latitude of lower pennsylvania . END
any house built now below that line without air conditioning will be obsolete in 10 years . END
fortunately , it is the UNK which has arrived at this conclusion , for it means that cooling equipment of all kinds may now be included in a mortgage , and thus acquired with a minimum of financial stress . END
even if you live above that line , the UNK will back you , for they have decided that the UNK of air conditioning in all new homes is a good thing and should be encouraged . END
new simplified packaged units , recently devised UNK UNK ducts , and improved UNK techniques make it possible to acquire a system for an UNK house for as little as $600 to UNK . END
two men can often do the installation in a day . END
you can install it yourself -- this is a central system that will cool every part of your house . END
no less an authority than the UNK UNK that the savings air conditioning makes possible more than offset its operating costs . END
is it UNK ? ? END
home air conditioning has come a long way from the early days of UNK theaters and the thermal shock they inflicted . END
we know now that a UNK differential in temperature is the maximum usually desirable , and accurate controls assure the comfort we want . END
we know , too , that health is never UNK by summer cooling . END
on the contrary , there are fewer UNK and smaller doctor bills . END
the filtered air benefits UNK , UNK , UNK , hay fever . END
control of temperature and humidity is a UNK to the aged and the invalid . END
heart conditions and high blood pressure escape the stresses brought on by oppressive heat . END
the cleaner air means less time spent pushing a vacuum , fewer trips to the dry cleaners , lighter loads for the washing machine . END
the need for UNK , UNK , UNK becomes more infrequent . END
clothes hold their shape better , and UNK and rust become almost forgotten words . END
it will improve your disposition . END
when you're less UNK , things just naturally look brighter . END
the children can have their daytime UNK and hot meals , and be put to bed on schedule in UNK rooms . END
you'll sleep longer and better , too , awake refreshed and free of hot weather nerves . END
you can forget about screens , and leave the storm windows up all year around . END
best of all , central air conditioning is something you can afford . END
like its UNK cousin , the refrigerator , a conditioner can be expected to last 20 to 25 years or more . END
that brings its UNK cost down mighty low . END
no matter what style your home is , ranch , two-story , colonial or contemporary , central air conditioning is easily installed . END
the equipment won't take up valuable space either . END
it can go in UNK waste space . END
but there's no denying that the easiest and most economical way to get year-'round UNK air conditioning is when you build . END
if that's done , the house can be designed and oriented for best operation , and this can mean savings both in the size of equipment and in the cost of the house itself . END
if you can't see your way clear to have summer cooling included when building , by all means make provision for its easy adding later . END
manufacturers have designed equipment for just such circumstances , and your savings over starting from scratch will be substantial . END
if your house is to have a forced warm air system , cooling can be a part of it . END
this costs less than having a completely separate cooling system , for your regular heating UNK , filters and furnace blower do double duty for cooling . END
you can get year-'round air conditioners in the same variety of styles in which you buy a furnace alone -- high or low boy , horizontal or UNK . END
the units can be installed in basement , attic , UNK , or in a closet located in the living area . END
the cooling coil is located in the UNK outlet . END
from the coil small copper pipes UNK to a UNK refrigeration section set in the yard , garage , UNK , or basement . END
if you plan to add cooling later to your heating system , there are things to watch for . END
be sure ducts that require insulation get it when they are installed . END
they may be UNK later . END
be sure your ducts and blower are big enough to handle cooling . END
this is especially important if you live in a UNK zone . END
be sure you get a UNK heating system , and UNK that will work as well for cooling as they do for heating . END
you can get a hot water system that will also work for cooling your house . END
for cooling , chilled water is circulated instead of hot water . END
instead of UNK you'll have UNK units , each with its own thermostat . END
these systems are more expensive than year-'round forced air systems . END
the minimum cost for an average one-story , UNK house with basement , is likely to run UNK above the cost of the heating alone . END
if the problems of combining cooling with your heating are UNK , it may be cheaper to plan on a completely separate cooling system . END
the simplest kind of separate system uses a single , self-contained unit . END
it is , in effect , an UNK room conditioner equipped with UNK UNK ducts to distribute the cooled , cleaned , UNK air where it is wanted . END
in a long , UNK ranch , two such units can be installed , one serving the living area , the other the sleeping zone . END
in a two-story house , one unit may be installed in the basement to serve the first floor , another in the attic to cool the second . END
in each case , having separate systems for living and sleeping areas has the advantage of permitting individual zone control . END
one of the more remarkable of the new cooling systems is one that can be switched to heating . END
as you know , a conditioner makes indoor air cool by pumping the heat out of it and then UNK this heat outdoors . END
a relatively simple switching arrangement UNK the cycle so that the machine literally runs backward , and the heat is extracted from outdoor air and turned indoors . END
up until recently , this heat pump method of warming air was efficient only in areas of mild UNK and when outside temperatures were above 40 degrees . END
now , the machine has been improved to a point where it is generally more economical than oil heat at temperatures down to 15 degrees . END
you can get this added heating feature for as little as $200 more than the price of cooling alone . END
consider it as a UNK setup , at negligible cost , for those emergencies when the furnace UNK , a blizzard holds up fuel delivery , or for cool summer mornings or evenings when you don't want to start up your whole heating plant . END
what size conditioner ? ? END
how large a cooling unit you need , and the method of its installation , depends on a variety of factors . END
among other things , besides the nature of your house and how much heat finds its way into its various rooms from the outside , it will depend upon your personal habits and the UNK of your family . END
families with children usually don't want the house quite so cool . END
if you are a party UNK , you may need added capacity . END
the body is a heat machine , and 20 to 25 guests can easily double your cooling load . END
cooling requirements are best expressed in terms of aj . END
a btu is a unit of heat , and the btu rating of a conditioner refers to how much heat your machine can pump out of your house in an hour . END
a very rough rule of thumb is that , under favorable conditions , you'll need 15 UNK of cooling for every square foot of your house . END
this is if outdoor temperatures have a high average of 95 degrees . END
you'll need more if the high average is above that , less if it's below . END
coolers are also rated by tons . END
a ton of cooling compares to the cooling you get by melting a ton of ice . END
by accepted definition , a UNK conditioner will provide UNK btu of cooling in one hour . END
you may find a conditioner rated by horsepower . END
it is generally an inaccurate method of rating , for the horsepower is that of the UNK motor , and many other components beside it determine how much cooling you'll get . END
a UNK conditioner , for example , may vary in effectiveness from under 8,000 btu to well over 10,000 aj . END
the safest procedure is to let your builder estimate the size of the unit you need , rather than trying to do this yourself . END
don't urge your builder to give you a little extra cooling capacity just to be sure you have enough . END
better to have your equipment slightly UNK than too big . END
reducing humidity is often as important as cooling . END
an UNK unit will cool off your house quickly , then shut down for a long period . END
before it cycles on again , humidity can build up and make you uncomfortable even though the temperature is still low . END
with a unit of the right size , a UNK will run continuously during hot weather , reducing humidity as evenly as it does temperature . END
attention to details can cut in half the size unit you need and UNK operating expense proportionately . END
a UNK , UNK house can be comfortably cooled and heated for as little as UNK a year , or UNK a month . END
if you have a house which heat doesn't penetrate easily , your unit will have less heat to remove . END
keep the direct sun from reaching the house and you've won the first battle . END
in a new house , generous roof UNK are a logical and effective solution . END
if the house you plan to buy or build won't have big UNK , you can still do a fair job of keeping the sun off walls and windows with properly designed UNK , fences and UNK . END
shade trees , too , are a big help , so keep them if you can . END
drawn UNK and draperies do some good , but not nearly as much as shading devices on the outside of the house . END
the more directly the sun strikes walls and roof , the greater its heat impact . END
the way a house is set on its lot can therefore influence how much cooling you're going to need . END
a shift in the walls , or a change in the roof slope , so the sun hits them more UNK , can save you money . END
you can use UNK glass to stop the sun , double glass and insulated glass to combat condensation . END
restrict large glass areas to the north and south sides of the house . END
they're easier to shade there . END
an attic space above insulation makes a house easier to cool . END
you'll even gain by putting your water heater outside the conditioned space , and using an electric range instead of a gas one . END
gas adds to the moisture load . END
UNK , UNK , UNK to the maximum . END
in insulation , the numbers to remember are UNK . END
they stand for 6 inches of mineral wool insulation in the ceiling , 4 inches in the side walls , 2 inches in the floors . END
such UNK insulation not only permits a much smaller cooling installation , but will continue to reduce operating expenses both in heating and cooling . END
a UNK roof will reduce sun heat by 50 per cent . END
it costs two to three times as much to remove a btu in summer as it does to add one in winter , so every solitary btu is worth attention . END
you'll foil them in UNK , along with their UNK humidity , by having and using a kitchen range exhaust fan , a bathroom UNK for when you shower , and an outside vent for the clothes UNK . END
it's no use pretending that all conditioners are quiet , but the noise they produce can be kept to a minimum . END
good workmanship is important in the installation , so if you're doing your own UNK , don't award the job on the basis of price alone . END
avoid attic placement directly above a bedroom . END
most recreation work calls for a good deal of UNK . END
this is particularly true in site selection . END
you must know before you start what the needs and objectives of your organization are ; ; END
you must have a list of requirements on where , how many , and what type sites are needed . END
with such a program you can make constructive selections of the best sites available . END
begin the examination of a site with a good map and aerial photos if possible . END
these are becoming more and more available through the work of counties and other government agencies . END
the new editions of UNK maps being made by the federal government are excellent for UNK yourself to the natural features of the site . END
these are inexpensive and available from the u. s. geological society , washington 25 , d. c. . END
in recent years many counties and the u. s. forest service have taken aerial photos which show features in detail and are very good for planning use . END
most counties also have maps available from the county engineer showing roads and other features and from the UNK office showing UNK of land . END
inspect the site in the field during the time of the year when the area will be most heavily used for recreation . END
this gives you a better opportunity to get the feel of the climate conditions , the exposure to the sun and wind , the water interests , etcetera , which vary greatly with the seasons . END
it is usually helpful to make a sketch map in the field , showing the size and location of the features of interest and to take photographs at the site . END
these are a great aid for planning use back at the office . END
for site planning work , it is best to have a qualified and experienced park UNK to carry through the study . END
however , there is also much to be gained by making use of the abilities of the local people who are available and interested in recreation . END
county judges , commissioners , engineers , assessors , and others who have lived in the area for a long time may have valuable knowledge regarding the site or opinions to offer from their varied professional experiences . END
a visit to the site by a group of several persons can usually bring out new ideas or verify opinions most helpful to the planning study of any recreation area . END
how much study is required ? ? END
this , of course , depends on the character of the site itself , the previous experience of the investigator , and the number of factors needed to arrive at a good decision . END
it is too easy for the inexperienced person to make a quick judgment of a few values of the area and base a decision on these alone . END
usually there are more factors to good site planning than first impressions . END
a site may be a UNK slum or a desolate piece of desert in appearance today but have excellent potentials for the future with a little development or water . END
the same is true of areas which at first look good because of a few existing recreation features but may actually be poor areas to develop for general public use . END
in looking for the best sites available that meet the requirements , you need information to compare the site with others . END
you need answers to four important questions . END
what are the existing recreation features ? ? END
how well can the site be developed ? ? END
how useful will it be to the public ? ? END
is this site available ? ? END
check the quantity and quality of all of the recreation interests already existing at the site . END
naturally , a park site with scenic views , a good lake , trees , and sand dunes , will attract more people than a nearby area with only trees and dunes . END
quality is vitally important . END
frontage on a body of clear , clean water will be vastly different from the same amount of frontage on UNK water . END
some recreation features , such as scenic values and water interest , also have greater overall value than other interests . END
one of the most desirable features for a park are beautiful views or scenery . END
it may be distant views of a valley or the mountains or natural features such as a small lake , colorful rock formations , or unusual trees . END
a site which overlooks a harbor or river may offer interest in the activities of boating traffic . END
an area on the coast may have relaxing views of the UNK rolling in on a beach . END
a site may also be attractive just through the beauty of its trees and shrubs . END
note extent of these interests and how available they will be for the public to enjoy . END
water interest is one of the most valuable factors you can find for a recreation site . END
most park planners look to water frontage for basic park areas . END
this follows naturally since frontage on an ocean , stream , or lake provides scenic values and opportunities for the very popular recreation activities of bathing , fishing , boating , and other water sports . END
a body of water is usually the center of interest at parks which attract the greatest picnic and camping use . END
it also UNK the air in summer and UNK the trees and wild life . END
the amount of water frontage , the quantity and quality of the water , and the recreation afforded by it are important . END
a restricted frontage may be too crowded an area for public use . END
the quantity of water flow may be critical ; ; END
a stream or pond which is attractive in the springtime may become stagnant or dry in late summer . END
if the site is on a reservoir , the level of the water at various seasons as it affects recreation should be studied . END
check the quality of the water . END
a stream which has all of its UNK within a national forest or other lands under good conservation practices is less likely to be affected by pollution than one passing through UNK logging or past an industrial area . END
other factors , such as water temperature , depth of water , the fish life it supports , wave action , UNK , etcetera , will affect its recreation value . END
other natural features which can be of high interest are the forests , UNK , mountains , deserts , UNK , beaches , sand dunes , UNK , springs , etcetera with which the area is blessed . END
just as the national and state parks place emphasis on features which are of national or state significance , counties should seek out these features which are distinctive of their area . END
although the site may not contain the features themselves , there are often opportunities to include them as additional interest to the site . END
the route to the park may lead people past them or display views of them . END
a group of native trees or plants which are outstanding in a particular county can be featured at the site . END
the fish , animals , and birds which may be found at the site are another interest . END
fishing interest calls for a check of the species found , quantity and size , the season they are available , and the UNK program of the fish commission . END
animals may be present at the site or provide hunting in nearby areas . END
the site may be on one of the major UNK of UNK birds or have its own resident bird life . END
UNK , UNK , and other marine life may add interest at coastal areas . END
each area has its own historical interests with which much can be done . END
park visitors are always eager to learn more about the area they are in . END
the historical sign tells its story , but nothing gets interest across as well as some of the original historical items or places themselves which still have the character of the period covered . END
notice should be taken of unusual rock formations , deposits , or shapes of the earth's UNK in your region . END
those which tell a story of the earth's formation in each area can add geological interest to the recreation sites . END
an old UNK , a high dam , an old covered bridge , a place to find UNK or other UNK stones or a place to pan gold , etcetera may be of interest . END
some areas may provide UNK values such as ancient indian village sites or hunting areas , caves , UNK , etcetera . END
how well can the site be developed ? ? END
look at the physical features of the land to determine how desirable it is for use , what can be done to correct the faults , and what it will cost to make the area meet your needs in comparison to other sites . END
many things need to be checked : END
-- the size of the area alone can be a determining factor . END
an area may be too small for the needs of the project . END
areas should be large enough to include the attractions , have ample space for the use of facilities needed , and have room around the edges to protect the values of the area from encroachment by private developments . END
acreage in excess of the minimum is good practice as recreation areas are never too large for the future and it is often more economical to operate one large area than several small ones . END
shape of the area is also related to the use attractions and needs of the development . END
a large picnic area or camping development is most efficient in shape as a square or rectangle several hundred feet in width in preference to a long narrow area less than one hundred feet wide . END
this is true because of savings in utility lines and the fact that your buildings have a useful radius equal in all directions . END
however , a narrow strip may be very practical for small developments , or to provide additional stream frontage for a UNK trail , or include scenic strips within the park unit . END
-- the values of the site may be affected by the appearance of the adjoining lands , ownership and use of the land , and the utilities available there . END
for instance , a site adjoining other publicly owned lands , such as a national forest or a public road , may be desirable , whereas a site next to an industrial plant might not . END
the utilities available nearby may provide a savings in the cost of extending electricity or water to the site . END
-- topography is very important . END
check the UNK of the ground , degree and direction of slopes , drainage , rock UNK , UNK types and quality , as well as UNK . END
nearly level areas are required for parking areas , beaches , camp areas , UNK , etcetera . END
determine how much topography limits useful area or what the costs of earth moving or UNK might be . END
-- in addition to its recreation interests , water is needed for drinking , sanitation , and UNK . END
the quantity and quality of water sources is often a big factor in site selection . END
the area may provide good springs or opportunities for a well or be near to municipal water lines . END
figure the cost of providing water to the use areas . END
-- the existing plant growth calls for thorough checking . END
look at the trees as to size and interest , the amount of shade they provide , how healthy they are , the problems of maintenance , fire hazards , wind throw , etcetera . END
an area may have been partially UNK and requires removal of stumps or UNK . END
some shrubs may be of good UNK value , other areas of brush may need to be cleared . END
the extent and location of open areas is noted . END
-- how much will wind , rain , sun , and temperature affect the use ? ? END
an area sheltered from strong winds may be highly desirable for recreation use . END
the direction , velocity , and season of these winds should be noted as to just how they will affect the recreation use and your maintenance and operation of the area . END
lack of UNK and extreme temperatures may call for the development of shade and UNK of a site to make it UNK . END
sometimes , you have a choice of exposure for sites where the topography or trees of the area will provide afternoon shade , morning sun , or whatever may be most desirable for the use intended . END
-- some areas may already have been improved and contain buildings , roads , utilities , cleared land , etcetera which may raise the cost of the site . END
your invitation to write about serge prokofieff to honor his UNK anniversary for the april issue of UNK UNK is accepted with pleasure , because i admire the music of prokofieff ; ; END
and with sober purpose , because the development of prokofieff UNK , in many ways , the course of music in the union of soviet socialist republics . END
the serge prokofieff whom we knew in the united states of america was gay , witty , UNK , full of UNK and UNK -- and very capable as a professional musician . END
these qualities UNK him to both the musicians and the UNK UNK UNK which supported the concert world of the UNK war 1 , era . END
prokofieff's outlook as a UNK in america was , indeed , brilliant . END
prokofieff's classical symphony was hailed as an ingenious work from a naturally gifted and UNK musician still in his twenties . END
to the UNK , it was a brilliant satire on UNK ; ; END
to the UNK , it was a challenge to the pre-war world . END
what was it to prokofieff ? ? END
a UNK UNK of UNK ideas ; ; END
a trial balloon to test the aesthetic climate of the times ; ; END
a brilliant piece de resistance ? ? END
certainly its composer was an ascending star on a new world horizon . END
i heard the classical symphony for the first time when UNK conducted it in paris in 1927 . END
all musical paris was there . END
some musicians were enthusiastic , some skeptical . END
i myself was one of the UNK ( 35 years ago ) . END
i remember ernest UNK in the UNK , shouting in his high-pitched voice : `` it may be a tour de force , UNK UNK UNK , can anyone take this music seriously '' ? ? END
the answer is , `` yes '' ! ! END
certainly , america took prokofieff and his classical symphony seriously , and with a good deal of pleasure . END
his UNK friend , serge UNK , gave UNK of his praise and brilliant performances in boston , new york , and washington , d.c. , , to which he added UNK and recordings for the whole nation . END
chicago was also a welcome host : there , in 1921 , prokofieff conducted the world premiere of the love for three oranges , and played the first performance of his third piano concerto . END
`` uncle sam '' was , indeed , a rich uncle to prokofieff , in those UNK , post-war victory years of peace and prosperity , bold speculations and UNK , enjoyment and pleasure : `` the golden twenties '' . END
we attended the premieres of his concertos , UNK , and suites ; ; END
we studied , taught , and performed his piano sonatas , chamber music , UNK , and marches ; ; END
we bought his records and played them in our schools and universities . END
we unanimously agreed that prokofieff had won his rights as a world citizen to the first ranks of twentieth-century composers . END
nevertheless , prokofieff was much influenced by paris during the twenties : the paris which was the artistic center of the western world -- the social paris to which russian aristocracy UNK -- the chic paris which attracted the tourist dollars of rich america -- the avant-garde paris of UNK , stravinsky , UNK , UNK , picasso -- the laissez-faire paris of UNK and UNK art -- the paris UNK which took young composers to her bosom with such quick and easy UNK . END
so young prokofieff was the darling of success : in his UNK ; ; END
in the spacious hunting grounds of `` uncle sam '' ; ; END
in the exciting UNK of his lovely , brilliant paris -- mistress of gaiety -- excess and abandon -- world theatre of UNK UNK in tone , color , dance , design , and thought . END
meanwhile , three great terrible forces were UNK and UNK . END
in this world-wide UNK of men , minds , and machines , prokofieff was recalled to his native land . END
the world exploded when UNK challenged all concepts of peace and liberty , and the outraged , UNK peoples of the capitalist and socialist worlds combined forces to stamp UNK tyranny into UNK submission . END
after this holocaust , a changing world occupied the minds of men ; ; END
a world beset with new boundaries , new treaties and governments , new goals and methods , and the age-old fears of aggression and UNK -- hunger and exposure . END
in this changed world , prokofieff settled to find himself , and to create for large national purpose . END
here , this happy , UNK son of good fortune proved that he could accept the disciplines of a new UNK order fighting for its very existence and ideals in a UNK world . END
here , prokofieff became a UNK in the vineyards of socialism -- producing music for the masses . END
it is at this point in his life that the mature prokofieff emerges . END
one might have expected that such a violent epoch of transition would have destroyed the creative flair of a composer , especially one whose works were so fluent and spontaneous . END
but no : prokofieff grew . END
he accepted the environment of his destiny -- took root and grew to fulfill the stature of his early promise . END
by 1937 he had clarified his intentions to serve his people : `` i have UNK for clarity and melodious idiom , but at the same time i have by no means attempted to restrict myself to the accepted methods of harmony and melody . END
this is precisely what makes lucid , straightforward music so difficult to compose -- the clarity must be new , not old '' . END
how right he was ; ; END
how clearly he saw the cultural UNK of experimentation as an escape for those who dare not or prefer not to face the discipline of modern UNK . END
and with what resource did prokofieff back up his credo of words -- with UNK of powerful music . END
compare the vast difference in scope and beauty between his neat and witty little classical symphony and his big , muscular , passionate , and eloquent fifth symphony ; ; END
or the love for three oranges ( gay as it is ) with the wonderful , imaginative , colorful , and subtle tenderness of the magnificent ballet , the stone flower . END
this masterpiece has gaiety , too , but it is the gaiety of dancing people : earthy , salty and humorous . END
of course , these works are not comparable , even though the same brain conceived them . END
the early works were conceived for a sophisticated , international audience ; ; END
the later works were conceived to affirm a way of life for fellow citizens . END
however , in all of prokofieff's music , young or mature , we find his profile -- his `` signature '' -- his UNK attitude . END
prokofieff never UNK his medium for the cause of experimentation per se . END
in UNK , he stretches the limits of instrumentation with good judgment and a fine imagination for color . END
his sense for rhythmic variety and timing is impeccable . END
his creative development of melodic designs of UNK dance tunes and love songs is UNK : witty , clever , UNK , and subtle . END
his counterpoint is pertinent , skillful , and rarely thick . END
also , it should be noted that the UNK freedom of his melodies and UNK UNK , the brilliant UNK , the UNK for UNK the UNK of figured bass , the skill in UNK counterpoint were not lost in his mature output , even in the spectacular historical dramas of the stage and UNK , where a large , dramatic canvas of sound was required . END
that prokofieff's harmonies and forms sometimes seem professionally routine to our ears , may or may not indicate that he was less of an `` original '' than we prefer to believe . END
need for novelty may be a symptom of cultural fatigue and instability . END
prokofieff might well emerge as a cultural hero , who , by the force of his creative life , helped preserve the main stream of tradition , to which the surviving UNK of current UNK may be eventually added and integrated . END
at this date , it seems probable that the name of serge prokofieff will appear in the archives of history , as an effective traditionalist , who was fully aware of the lure and danger of experimentation , and used it as it served his purpose ; ; END
yet was never caught up in it -- never a slave to its academic UNK . END
certainly , it is the traditional clarity of his music which has UNK him to the western world -- not his UNK . END
so prokofieff was able to UNK his musical talents and harvest a rich reward from them . END
nor can anyone be certain that prokofieff would have done better , or even as well , under different circumstances . END
his UNK , UNK stravinsky , certainly did not . END
why did prokofieff expand in stature and UNK , while stravinsky ( who leaped into fame like a young giant ) UNK in stature and UNK ? ? END
i think the answer is to be found in prokofieff's own words : `` the clarity must be new , not old '' . END
when prokofieff UNK his new clarity of `` lucid , straightforward music , so difficult to compose '' , he shaped his talents to his purpose . END
when stravinsky shaped his purpose to the shifting scenes of many cultures , many UNK , many UNK , many personalities , he tried to UNK himself into a UNK of many styles , determined by many disparate cultures . END
prokofieff was guided in a consistent direction by the life of his own people -- by the compass of their national ideas . END
but stravinsky was swayed by the attitudes of whatever culture he was reflecting . END
in all his UNK , stravinsky made the fatal historical UNK of UNK that he could transform other UNK UNK -- representing many peoples , time periods and styles -- into his own music by warping the harmony , melody , or form , to verify his own experiments . END
because of the authentic homogeneity of his early nationalistic materials , and his flair for UNK -- his brilliant UNK , his savage UNK du UNK , his incisive UNK UNK -- the world kept hoping that he could UNK the historical direction for which his native talents were UNK . END
but time is running out , and many of UNK UNK begin to fear that he will never find UNK UNK . END
his various aesthetic UNK remain as landmarks of a house divided against itself : UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , and most recently , UNK -- all competing with each other within one composer ! ! END
what a UNK of UNK and UNK ! ! END
meager and shabby UNK linger to haunt our memories of a once mighty UNK ; ; END
a UNK UNK of our national UNK ( the UNK banner ) ; ; END
a poor attempt to write an UNK jazz concerto ; ; END
a circus UNK for elephants ; ; END
his hopes that the tunes from his old music might be used for popular american commercial songs ! ! END
stravinsky , nearing the age of eighty , is like a lost and frantic bird , UNK from one abandoned nest to another , searching for a home . END
how differently prokofieff's life unfolded . END
prokofieff was able to adjust his creative personality to a swiftly changing world without losing his particular force and direction . END
in the process , his native endowments were stretched , strengthened and disciplined to serve their human purpose . END
with a large and UNK UNK technique , he UNK the materials of national heroes and events , national folklore and children's fairy tales -- UNK dances and love songs -- into a solid musical literature which served his people well , and is providing much enjoyment to the world at large . END
of course , it must not be forgotten that in achieving this historical feat , prokofieff had the vast resources of his people behind him ; ; END
time and economic security ; ; END
symphony orchestras , opera and ballet companies ; ; END
UNK , chamber music UNK ; ; END
large and eager audiences . END
it must be conceded that his native land provided prokofieff with many of the necessary conditions for great creative incentive : economic security and cultural opportunities , incisive UNK , social UNK for a new national ideology -- a sympathetic public and a large body of performers especially trained to fulfill his purpose . END
thus in prokofieff the union of soviet socialist republics produced one of the great composers of the twentieth century . END
that his moods , even in his early years , are those of his people , does him honor , as his music honors those who inspired it . END
that he mastered every aspect of his medium according to his own great talents and contemporary judgments , is a good and solid symbol of his people under the tremendous pressures of proclaiming and UNK the rigors of a new culture ; ; END
and perhaps of even greater significance -- his music is strong UNK evidence of the effectiveness of evolution , based on a broad UNK for the creative art of music . END
april 10 marked a memorable date in new york's musical history -- indeed in the musical history of the entire eastern united states . END
on that date the musicians emergency fund , organized to furnish employment for musicians unable to obtain engagements during the depression and to provide relief for older musicians who lost their fortunes in the stock market crash , observed its 30th anniversary . END
roy mason is essentially a landscape painter whose style and direction has a UNK with the english UNK of the early nineteenth century , especially the beautifully patterned art of john sell UNK . END
and like this english master , mason UNK his subjects in large , simplified masses which , though they seem UNK , are in reality the result of skilled design born of hard work and a thorough UNK of the natural form that inspired them . END
as a boy roy mason began the long process of extracting the goodness of the out-of-doors , its tang of weather , its change of seasons , its variable moods . END
his father , a professional UNK and an amateur landscape painter , took his sons on numerous hunting expeditions , and imparted to them his knowledge and love of nature . END
out of this background of hunting and fishing , it was only natural that roy first painted subjects he knew best : hunters in the field , fishermen in the stream , ducks and UNK on the wing -- almost always against a vast UNK of weather landscape . END
it is this subject matter that has brought mason a large and enthusiastic following among sportsmen , but it is his exceptional performance with this motif that UNK him to artists and UNK collectors . END
mason had to earn the privilege of devoting himself exclusively to painting . END
like many others , he had to work hard , long hours in a struggling family business which , though it was allied to art of a kind -- the design and production of engraved seals -- bore no relation to the painting of pictures . END
but it did teach roy the basic techniques of commercial art , and later , for twelve years , he and his sister UNK conducted an advertising art studio in philadelphia . END
on the death of their father , they returned to their home in UNK , new york . END
after more years of concentrated effort , roy and his brother max finally established a thriving family business at the old stand . END
during all this time roy continued to paint , first only on weekends , and then , as the family business permitted , for longer periods . END
gradually he withdrew from the shop altogether , and for the past thirty years , he has worked independently as a painter , except for his continued hunting and fishing expeditions . END
but even on these , the palette often takes over while the shotgun UNK off ! ! END
except for a rich friendship with the painter , UNK UNK who gave him the only professional instruction he ever had -- and this was limited to a few lessons , though the two artists often went on painting trips together -- roy developed his art by himself . END
in the best tradition , he first taught himself to see , then to draw with accuracy and assurance , and then to paint . END
he worked in oil for years before beginning his work in watercolor , and his first public recognition and early honors , including his election to the academy , were for his essays in the heavier medium . END
gradually watercolor claimed his greater affection until today it has become his major , if not exclusive , technique . END
it has been my privilege to paint with roy mason on numerous occasions , mostly in the vicinity of UNK . END
more often than not i have found easy excuse to leave my own work and stand at a respectable distance where i could watch this man transform raw nature into a composed , not UNK , painting . END
what i have observed time and time again is a process of integration , integration that begins as abstract design and gradually takes on recognizable form ; ; END
color patterns that are made to weave throughout the whole composition ; ; END
and that over-all , amazing control of large washes which is the mason UNK . END
finally come those little UNK of a UNK brush and the job is done . END
inspiring -- yes ; ; END
UNK -- maybe ; ; END
UNK -- no ! ! END
but for the technical fact , we have the artist's own testimony : END
`` of late years , i find that i like best to work out-of-doors . END
first i make preliminary watercolor sketches in quarter scale ( approximately af inches ) in which i pay particular attention to the design principles of three simple values -- the UNK light , the middle tone , and the UNK dark -- by reducing the forms of my subject to these large patterns . END
if a human figure or wild life are to be part of the projected final picture , i try to place them in the initial sketch . END
for me , these will belong more completely to their surroundings if they are conceived in this early stage , though i freely admit that i do not hesitate to add or eliminate figures on the full sheet when it serves my final purpose . END
`` i am thoroughly convinced that most UNK suffer because the artist expects nature will do his UNK for him ; ; END
as a result , such pictures are only a literal translation of what the artist finds in the scene before him . END
just because a tree or other object appears in a certain spot is absolutely no reason to place it in the same position in the painting , unless the position serves the design of the whole composition . END
if the artist would study his work more thoroughly and move certain units in his design , often only slightly , UNK pictures would result . END
out of long experience i have found that incidental figures and other objects like trees , logs , and bushes can be traced from the original sketch and moved about in the major areas on the final sheet until they occupy the right position , which i call UNK . END
`` speed in painting a picture is valid only when it UNK spontaneity and UNK , but unless the artist has lots of experience so that he can control rapid execution , he would do well to take these first sketches and soberly UNK their design to achieve a unified composition . END
`` if i have seemed to emphasize the structure of the composition , i mean to project equal concern for color . END
often , in working out-of-doors under all conditions of light and atmosphere , a particular passage that looked favorable in relation to the subject will be too bright , too dull , or too light , or too dark when viewed indoors in a mat . END
when this occurs , i make the change on the sketch or on the final watercolor -- if i have been working on a full sheet in the field . END
`` when working from one of my sketches i square it up and project its linear form UNK to the watercolor sheet with charcoal . END
when this linear draft is completed , i dust it down to a faint image . END
from this point , i paint in as direct a manner as possible , by flowing on the washes with as pure a color mixture as i can manage . END
however , first i thoughtfully study my sketch for improvement of color and design along the lines i have described . END
then i plan my attack : the parts i will finish first , the range of values , the UNK of minor details -- all in all , mechanics of producing the finished job with a maximum of UNK . END
the longer i work , the more i am sure that for me , at least , a UNK method is important . END
trial and error are better placed in the preliminary sketch than in hoping for miracles in the final painting . END
`` as for materials , i use the best available . END
i work on a watercolor easel in the field , and frequently resort to a large garden umbrella to protect my eyes from undue strain . END
in my studio i work at a UNK table , but leave the paper UNK so that i can move it freely to control the washes . END
i have used a variety of UNK UNK papers , but prefer an english make , rough surface , in UNK weight . END
after selecting a sheet and UNK it for UNK ( even the best sometimes has foreign ' UNK ' on its surface ) , i sponge it thoroughly on both sides with clean , cold water . END
then i dry the sheet under mild pressure so that it will lie flat as a board . END
`` in addition to the usual tools , i make constant use of cleansing tissue , not only to wipe my brushes , but to UNK up certain areas , to soften edges , and to open up lights in dark washes . END
the great UNK of this tissue and the fact that it is easier to control than a sponge makes it an ideal tool for the UNK . END
i also use a small electric UNK to dry large washes in the studio . END
`` my brushes are different from those used by most UNK , for i combine the UNK and the UNK . END
the red UNK are 8 ; ; END
two UNK , 6 and 10 ; ; END
and a very large , flat wash brush . END
the bristles are a UNK 2 and a one-half inch brush shaved to a sharp chisel edge . END
`` my usual palette consists of UNK colors : UNK crimson , orange , raw UNK , raw umber , burnt UNK , UNK , UNK blue , UNK blue , french UNK blue , UNK green , UNK green 2 , UNK yellow pale , yellow UNK , UNK gray , charcoal gray , UNK gray , and ivory black '' . END
in analyzing the UNK of roy mason , the first thing that comes to mind is their essential UNK , yet this word has such a varied connotation that it needs some UNK here . END
true , a mason watercolor is unmistakably a synthesis of nature rather than a detailed inventory . END
unlike many decorative patterns that present a static flat convention , this artist's pictures are full of atmosphere and climate . END
long observation has taught mason that most landscape can be reduced to three essential planes : a UNK in sharp focus -- either a light area with dark accents or a dark one with lights ; ; END
a middle distance often containing the major motif ; ; END
and a background , usually a UNK form UNK against the sky . END
in following this general principle , mason provides the observer with a natural eye UNK from UNK to background , and the illusion of depth is instantly created . END
when painting , UNK physical eyes are UNK , while his mind's eye is wide open , and this circumstance accounts in part for the impression he wishes to convey . END
he does not insist on telling all he knows about any given subject ; ; END
rather his pictures invite the observer to draw on his memory , his imagination , his nostalgia . END
it is for this reason that roy UNK selecting subjects that require specific recognition of place for their enjoyment . END
his pictures generalize , though they are inspired by a particular UNK ; ; END
they UNK in terms of weather , skies , earth , and people . END
by dealing with common landscape in an uncommon way , roy mason has found a particular UNK in american landscape art . END
living with his UNK is a UNK experience of seeing nature distilled through the eyes of a sensitive UNK , a breath and breadth of the outdoor world to help man honor the creator of it all . END
the artist was born in UNK mills , new york , in UNK , and until two years ago when he and his wife moved to california , he lived in western new york , in UNK . END
when i looked up the actual date of his birth and found it to be march 15th , i realized that roy was born under the right UNK sign for a UNK : the water sign of UNK ( february 18 thru march 20 ) . END
and how very often a water plane is featured in his landscapes , and how appropriate that he should appear in american artist again , in his UNK month of march ! ! END
over the years , beginning in 1929 , mason has been awarded seventeen major prizes including two gold medals ; ; END
two UNK fund purchase awards ; ; END
the joseph UNK memorial medal ; ; END
two american watercolor society prizes ; ; END
the UNK purchase prize for watercolor , art institute of chicago ; ; END
and others in buffalo , new york , UNK , new haven , UNK , UNK , and most recently , the $300 prize for a watercolor at the UNK beach art association , END
he was elected to the national academy of design as an associate in the oil class in 1931 ( after receiving his first UNK fund purchase prize at the academy in 1930 ) , and elevated to UNK in 1940 . END
other UNK include the american watercolor society , philadelphia water color club , allied artists of america , audubon artists , baltimore watercolor society . END
the russian gymnasts beat the tar out of the american gymnasts in the 1960 UNK for one reason -- they were better . END
they were better trained , better looking , better built , better disciplined and something else -- they were better dancers . END
our athletes are only just beginning to learn that they must study dance . END
the russians are all trained as dancers before they start to study gymnastics . END
but why gymnastics at all ? ? END
and is the sport really important ? ? END
after all , we did pretty well in some other areas of the UNK competition . END
but if it is important , what can we do to improve ourselves ? ? END
it is more than just lack of dance training that is our problem , for just as gymnastics can learn from dance , dance has some very important things to learn from gymnastics . END
taking first things first , let's understand the sport called gymnastics . END
it is made up of UNK , which might be said to start with a UNK , run through such UNK as UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , and UNK in nearly impossible combinations of aerial UNK and twists and apparatus work . END
the apparatus used by gymnasts was once a common sight in american UNK , but about 1930 it was dropped in favor of games . END
the parallel bars , horse , buck , UNK , horizontal bar , rings , and UNK formerly in the school UNK were replaced by baseball , UNK , basketball and football . END
but the russians use gymnastics as the first step in training for all other sports because it provides training in every basic quality except one , endurance . END
the UNK must develop strength , flexibility , coordination , timing , rhythm , courage , discipline , persistence and the desire for perfection . END
in short , gymnastics uses every part of the body and requires a great deal of character as well . END
the addition of endurance training later , when the body is mature enough to benefit from it without danger of injury , provides that final quality that makes the top athlete , soldier or citizen . END
another reason gymnastic study is valuable is that it can be started very early in life . END
( an enterprising teacher or parent could start training a healthy child at the age of seven days . END
most europeans have been exercising newborn UNK for centuries . END
) in most sports , as in most walks of life , the angels are on the side of those who begin young , and the russian UNK of 16 has at least thirteen years of training behind him . END
the american is very lucky if he has three . END
if a nation wished to get a head start in physical fitness over all other nations , it would start its UNK students on a program of gymnastics the day they entered and thus eliminate a large number of the problems that plague american schools . END
first of the problems attacked would be fatigue and emotional tension , since action UNK both . END
oddly enough , it is proven that there would be less reading difficulty . END
certainly there would be less anxiety , fewer accidents ( it is the clumsy child who UNK the worst injuries ) , and higher scholastic averages , since alert children work better . END
russia knows this , and that is why there were over UNK competing for places as candidates for the olympic gymnastic team . END
eighty thousand won top honors and a chance to try for the team itself . END
we could scarcely find eighty in our great land of over 180 million people . END
and what has dancing to do with all this ? ? END
russia's young gymnasts have studied dance before having the rigorous training on apparatus . END
UNK , trained in posture and coordinated movement , and wedded to rhythm , they presented the audiences in rome with one of the most beautiful sights ever seen at any olympic contest . END
american audiences in particular learned two valuable lessons . END
they saw completely masculine and obviously virile men performing with incredible grace . END
they were further stripped of old UNK tales by seeing the slender , lovely russian girls performing UNK requiring tremendous strength and with not one UNK muscle . END
president kennedy has asked that we become a physically fit nation . END
if we wait until children are in junior high or high school , we will never manage it . END
to be fit , one has to start early with young children , and today the only person who really reaches such children is the teacher of dance . END
if the dance teachers of america make it their business to prepare their young charges for the gymnastics that must come some day if our schools are really responsible , we will be that much ahead . END
school teachers , all too unprepared for the job they must do , will need UNK . END
there should be youngsters who know how to do a UNK , and also how to help other children learn it . END
they should know simple exercises that could prepare less fortunate children for the sports we will demand be taught . END
dance teachers can respond to president kennedy's request not only through their regular dance work , but also through the kind of basic gymnastic work that makes for strength and flexibility . END
very little in today's living provides the strength we need and nothing provides the flexibility . END
dancers do have flexibility . END
they often fail , however , to develop real abdominal , back , chest , shoulder and arm strength . END
ask any group of UNK to do ten UNK or three UNK and the results , considering the amount of physical training they have had , will be very disappointing . END
even the boys will not be outstanding in these areas . END
this isn't surprising when we consider that over 29 percent of the UNK boys in america cannot chin themselves once , and that english school girls UNK them in almost every test ( even UNK and endurance ) . END
the only area in which american boys hold their own is the baseball throw . END
for arm and shoulder strength a UNK bar is recommended . END
it should be installed over a door that is in full view of everyone , and a chair should be placed under it , a little to one side . END
those children who can chin themselves should be told to do one UNK each time they pass under it . END
those who are too weak , should climb on the chair and , starting at the top of the chin , let themselves slowly down . END
when they can take ten seconds to accomplish the descent , they will have the strength to UNK . END
parents should be informed about this system and encouraged to do the same with the whole family at home . END
arm , shoulder , chest , upper and lower back strength will be aided with the horse kick . END
start on hands and feet . END
keeping the hands in the starting position , run in place to a quick rhythm . END
after this has become easy , use slower and slower rhythms , kicking higher and higher . END
follow this by crossing from one corner of the room to the other on all UNK , kicking as high as possible . END
UNK are essential , but few have the strength for them at first . END
start on the knees in a large circle . END
fall slowly forward onto the hands and let the body down to rest on the floor . END
push back up and repeat . END
do this exercise six times each class period . END
as strength improves start in a standing position with legs wide apart and upper body bent forward . END
start by falling forward to a point close to the feet , and , as strength improves , fall farther and farther out . END
try to push back to the stand position from the stretched position without any intermediate UNK from the hands . END
the push-up itself can be taught by starting at the top of the push-up with legs spread wide . END
let the body down slowly , taking at least five seconds for the letting down . END
five of these done daily for about a week will develop the strength for one push-up . END
UNK come after arms , chest and shoulders have developed at least a minimum of strength . END
of course those who have developed more will find them easier . END
start with the class standing in a circle , with weight on the right foot and the left extended a little way into the circle . END
at first each child should do a UNK by himself so that the teacher can determine those ready to work alone , and those who need help . END
drop both hands to the floor and at the same time kick the right foot up in back . END
the left will follow at once . END
the right will land first , followed by the left . END
return to the standing position . END
care should be taken to see that the hands are placed on the floor before the kick starts and also that the landing foot is brought as close to the hands as possible . END
this will prevent flat falls and toe injuries . END
bare feet are better for such work than any form of UNK . END
eventually the class will be able to kick up high enough so that the teacher can catch the leading leg . END
the child should then bring both legs together overhead , point the toes and UNK the seat muscles . END
be sure that the landing foot is brought close to the hands and that only one foot lands at a time . END
the UNK is of extreme importance to any form of free gymnastics , and , as with all UNK , the sooner begun the better the results . END
have the class lie UNK with knees apart and bent . END
place flat palms on either side of the head a few inches away from the ears , fingers pointing toward the shoulders . END
arch the back upwards to make a bridge . END
be sure the head drops backward so that the child looks at the floor rather than toward the ceiling . END
as flexibility improves , the feet will move closer to the hands and the bridge rise higher . END
later this can be combined with the UNK to provide a UNK . END
to further increase back flexibility , work on the back circle . END
have the class lie prone . END
place the hands in front of the chest . END
keep the legs straight and the toes pointed . END
straighten the arms slowly , this arches the back . END
at the peak of the arch , tip the head back and bend the knees in an effort to touch toes to head . END
improvement can be measured by the lessening distance between toes and head . END
the last essential to the UNK gymnastic program is the UNK , or forward roll . END
this used to be part of every child's bag of tricks , but few children can do it today ; ; END
some are actually incapable of rolling forward and are completely confused when not sitting or standing upright . END
for most small children , learning a forward roll is simply a matter of UNK another child who can . END
after it has been seen , have the child start on a mat on hands and knees ( a thin , inexpensive mat is quite sufficient for anything that does not require falling ) . END
he places the hands on either side of the head , keeping the chin down on the chest . END
he then UNK his seat into the air and the teacher guides it over . END
one or two practice runs should be sufficient for solo . END
if , however , the child is weak , overweight , or afraid , more help will be needed . END
when the child raises his seat into the air , the teacher takes hold under both sides of the UNK ; ; END
then no matter what happens , the child's performance will be controlled . END
by lifting the seat upwards a little , the weight is taken off the neck and the back is kept rounded . END
these are beginnings , but correctly learned they prepare for satisfying and exciting UNK that can be performed by a strong , flexible body ( we are not talking of eccentric extremes ) . END
even if gymnastics are not the ultimate goal , the good UNK will be a better dancer , a better athlete , and a human being with a greater margin of safety in any activity . END
it is very important for parents to understand that early training is imperative . END
and dancing school , so helpful in artistic and psychological development , also contributes to this essential early training -- and can contribute even more . END
every taxpayer is well aware of the vast size of our annual defense budget and most of our readers also realize that a large portion of these expenditures go for military electronics . END
we have noted how some electronic techniques , developed for the defense effort , have UNK been used in commerce and industry . END
the host of novel applications of electronics to medical problems is far more thrilling because of their implication in matters concerning our health and vitality . END
when we consider the electronic industry potential for human UNK , the prospect is staggering . END
the author has recently studied the field of medical electronics and has been convinced that , in this area alone , the application of electronic equipment has enormous possibilities . END
the benefits electronics can bring to UNK may be greater by far than any previous medical discovery . END
we use the term `` UNK '' because of the close interrelation between biology and medical research . END
electronics has been applied to medicine for many years in the form of such familiar equipment as the x-ray machine , the UNK , and the UNK machine . END
recently many doctors have installed ultrasonic vibration machines for deep UNK of bruises , UNK , and simple UNK . END
commonly used electronic devices which are found in practically every hospital are UNK tv and UNK systems for internal UNK and instruction , along with radiation counters , UNK , and similar devices . END
in this article we will concentrate on the advances in the application of electronics in UNK research laboratories because this is where UNK commonplace equipment UNK . END
from the wealth of material and the wide variety of different electronic techniques perfected in the past few years we have selected a few examples which appear to be headed for use in the immediate future and which offer completely new tools in medical research . END
many cells , bacteria , and other microorganisms are transparent to visible light and must be stained for microscopic investigation . END
this stain often UNK the normal cell activity or else colors only the outside . END
a completely new insight into living cells and their structure will be possible by use of a new technique which replaces visible light with ultraviolet radiation and combines a microscope with a UNK system to view the results . END
fig. 1 is a simplified block diagram of the ultraviolet UNK system developed at the medical electronics center of rockefeller institute . END
by combining the talents of a medical man , dr. UNK , a UNK , mr. UNK , and an electronics expert , dr. UNK , this novel technique has been developed which promises to open broad avenues to understanding life processes . END
three different wavelengths of ultraviolet radiation are selected by the variable filters placed in front of the three mercury UNK lights which serve as the ultraviolet sources . END
these wavelengths are reflected in sequence through the specimen by the rotating mirror ; ; END
the specimen is magnified by the microscope . END
instead of the UNK eye the image UNK in the tv camera does the `` looking '' . END
the microscope and UNK are both selected to operate well into the ultraviolet spectrum , which means that all lenses must be UNK . END
the UNK signal is amplified and then switched , in UNK with the three ultraviolet light sources which are UNK by the rotating mirror so that during UNK of a second only one wavelength , corresponding to red , green , or blue , is seen . END
( note : because of light UNK from one ultraviolet source to another , the lights are switched by a UNK assembly rotated by a UNK motor . END
this assembly also supplies a UNK switching gate for the electronics UNK . END
) this is the same system as was used in the UNK UNK system which preceded the present simultaneous system . END
three separate UNK then drive a UNK UNK tube . END
the result is a color picture of the specimen where the primary colors correspond to the three different ultraviolet wavelengths . END
many of the cells and microorganisms which are transparent to visible light , absorb or reflect the much shorter wavelengths of the ultraviolet spectrum . END
different parts of these cells sometimes absorb or reflect different wavelengths so that it is often possible to see internal portions of cells in a different color . END
where the microscope under visible light may show only vague shadows or nothing at all , ultraviolet illumination and subsequent translation into a color tv picture reveal a wealth of detail . END
at the present time the research team which UNK this new technique is primarily interested in advancing and UNK it . END
the medical title of `` UNK ventilation in man '' by drs. c. j. martin and a. c. young , covers a brief paper which is one part of a much larger effort to apply electronics to the study of the respiratory process . END
at the university of washington medical school , the electronics group has developed the `` respiratory gas UNK '' shown in fig. 3 . END
this unit , UNK dubbed `` the monster '' , can be wheeled to any convenient location and provides a wealth of information about the patient's breathing . END
in the lower center rack an UNK recorder indicates the percentage of carbon UNK and nitrogen from the upper and lower lobes of one lung , the total volume of UNK per breath , the flow of air from both lobes , and the pressure of the two lobes with respect to each other . END
usually the patient UNK into a mouthpiece while walking a UNK , standing still , or in some other UNK significant position . END
from the resulting data the doctor can determine lung defects with UNK unknown accuracy and detail . END
the original UNK primarily indicates irregularities in the heartbeat , but today's techniques allow exact measurements of the flow of blood through the UNK , UNK of the heart and its chambers , and a much more detailed study of each heartbeat . END
for many of these measurements the chest must be opened , but the blood vessels and the heart itself remain UNK . END
a group of researchers at the university of washington have given a paper which briefly outlines some of these techniques . END
one simple method of measuring the expansion of the heart is to tie a thin rubber tube , filled with mercury , around the heart and record the change in resistance as the tube is stretched . END
a balanced resistance bridge and a pen recorder are all the electronic instrumentation needed . END
sonar can be used to measure the thickness of the heart by placing small crystal UNK at opposite sides of the heart or blood vessel and exciting one with some UNK ultrasonic energy . END
the travel time of sound in tissue is about UNK meters per second ; ; END
thus it takes about 16 UNK to traverse 25 mm. of tissue . END
a sonar or UNK of pulse generator and UNK measuring system is required for UNK evaluation . END
in addition to the heart and UNK , successful measurements of liver and UNK have also been made by this technique . END
the UNK effect , using ultrasonic signals , can be employed to measure the flow of blood without cutting into the blood vessel . END
a still more sophisticated system has been devised for determining the effective power of the heart itself . END
it uses both an ultrasonic UNK arrangement of the heart and a UNK carrying a UNK inserted into the bloodstream . END
the latter measures the heat carried away by the bloodstream as an indication of the velocity of the blood flow . END
it is also possible to utilize a pressure transducer , mounted at the end of a UNK which is inserted into the UNK left UNK , to indicate the blood pressure in the heart itself . END
this pressure measurement may be made at the same time that the ultrasonic UNK measurement is made . END
a simplified version of the instrumentation for this procedure is shown in fig. 2 . END
outputs of the two systems are measured by a UNK circuit and a resistance bridge , followed by a simple UNK computer which feeds a UNK recorder . END
from this doctors can read heart rate , change in diameter , pressure , and effective heart power . END
several years ago headlines were made by a small radio transmitter capsule which could be swallowed by the patient and which would then radio internal pressure data to external receivers . END
this original capsule contained a battery and a UNK UNK and was about 1 cm. in diameter . END
battery life limited the use of this `` pill '' to about 8 to 30 hours maximum . END
a refinement of this technique has been described by drs. UNK and UNK and mr. UNK of the medical electronics center of the rockefeller institute . END
in this novel arrangement the `` pill '' is much smaller and contains only a resonant circuit in which the UNK is formed by a UNK transducer . END
as shown in fig. 4 , an external antenna is placed over or around the patient and excited UNK times a second with short UNK UNK . END
the energy received by the `` pill '' causes the resonant circuit to `` ring '' on after the burst and this `` ringing '' takes place at the resonant frequency of the `` pill '' . END
these frequencies are amplified and detected by the UNK receiver after each burst of transmitted energy and , after the `` pill '' has been UNK , precise internal pressure indications can be obtained . END
one of the advantages of this method is that the `` pill '' can remain in the patient for several days , permitting observation under natural conditions . END
applications to organs other than the UNK tract are planned for future experiments . END
one of the most UNK applications of an important technique of submarine detection is in the exploration of the human body . END
our readers are familiar with the principles of sonar where sound waves are sent out in water and the echoes then indicate submerged objects . END
various methods of UNK , scanning , and displaying these sound waves are used to detect submarines , map ocean floors , and even communicate under water . END
in medicine the frequencies are much higher , UNK and the sonar beams themselves are much smaller , and different scanning techniques may be used , but the principles involved are the same as in sonar . END
because the body contains so much liquid , transmission of ultrasonic signals proceeds fairly well in muscles and blood vessels . END
bones and UNK UNK poorly and tend to reflect the ultrasonic signals . END
based on this phenomenon , a number of investigators have used this method to `` look through '' human organs . END
a good example of the results obtainable with ultrasonic radiation is contained in papers presented by dr. g. UNK who has explored the human eye . END
he can UNK detachment of the UNK where conventional methods indicate blindness due to UNK . END
the method used to scan the eye UNK is illustrated in fig. 6 . END
the transducer is coupled to the body through a water bath , not shown . END
for display , dr. UNK uses a portion of an af , an airborne radar indicator , and then photographs the screen to obtain a permanent record . END
a typical `` UNK '' of a human eye , together with a description of the anatomical parts , is shown in fig. 5 . END
the frequency used for these experiments is 15 UNK and the transducer is a specially cut crystal with an UNK lens capable of providing beam diameters smaller than one UNK . END
the transducer itself moves the beam in a sector scan , just like a radar antenna , while the entire transducer structure is moved over a UNK arc in front of the eye to `` look into '' all corners . END
the total picture is only seen by the camera which UNK the many sector UNK over the entire UNK rotation period . END
drs. UNK and holmes at the university of colorado medical school have applied the same sonar technique to other areas of soft tissue and have obtained extremely good results . END
by UNK the patient in a tub and rotating the transducer while the scanning goes on , they have been able to get cross-section views of the neck , as shown in fig. 7 , as well as many other UNK impossible insights . END
as mentioned before , bone reflects the sound energy and in fig. 7 the portion of the spine shows as the black area in the center . END
arteries and veins are apparent by their black , UNK centers and the surrounding white walls . END
a cross-section of a normal lower human leg is shown in fig. 8 with the various parts labeled . END
oersted's boyhood represented a minimal chance of either attaining greatness or serving his people so well and over so long a span of life . END
he was born in the small danish town of UNK on the island of UNK in the UNK part of denmark on august 14 , UNK . END
his father UNK was the village UNK whose slender income made it difficult to feed his family , let alone educate them in a town without even a school . END
the two older boys , hans and UNK , his junior by a year , therefore went daily to the home of a warm and friendly UNK nearby for instruction in german ; ; END
his wife taught the two boys to read and write danish . END
other brothers later joined them for instruction with UNK , the UNK , and also arithmetic was added to bible reading , german , and danish in the informal curriculum . END
UNK contributions were soon exhausted and the boys had to turn to a wider circle of the town's learned , such as the pastor , to supplement the simple teaching . END
from the town surveyor , hans learned drawing and mathematics and , from a university student , some academic subjects . END
the mayor of the town taught them english and french . END
whatever hans or UNK learned separately they passed on to each other ; ; END
they read every book that they could borrow in the village . END
at 12 , hans was sufficiently mature to help his father in the UNK shop , which helped stimulate his interest in medicine and science . END
his earlier love for literature and history remained with him for his entire life . END
in 1793 the brothers decided to enter the university of copenhagen ( founded in UNK ) and the following spring found them at the university preparing to UNK for the autumn session . END
while hans devoted himself to the sciences of medicine , physics , and astronomy , his brother studied law . END
the brothers continued to help each other during their studies , sharing a joint purse , lodging together in the UNK and dining together at the home of their aunt . END
they supplemented their income by small government assistance , by UNK and UNK wherever they could . END
so impressive were those serious years of study at the university that hans later wrote , `` to be perfectly free , the young man must UNK in the great kingdom of thought and imagination ; ; END
there is a struggle there , in which , if he falls , it is easy for him to rise again , there is freedom of utterance there , which draws after it no UNK consequences on society . END
i lived in this UNK contest where each day UNK a new difficulty , gained a new truth , or banished a previous error '' . END
he openly proclaimed his pleasure in UNK and writing about science . END
in this third year at the university , hans , in UNK , was awarded the first important token of recognition , a gold medal for his essay on `` limits of poetry and prose '' . END
he completed his training in pharmacy also , taking his degree with high honors in UNK , and in UNK was awarded the degree of doctor of philosophy along with a prize for an essay in medicine . END
he proposed a fresh theory of UNK which later was accepted in chemical practices . END
UNK student days were at a time when europe was in a new intellectual UNK following the revolutions in america and in france , germany and italy were rising from divisive UNK and a strong wave of intellectual awareness was sweeping the continent . END
the new century opened with oersted beginning his professional career in charge of an UNK shop in copenhagen and as lecturer at the university . END
he was stirred by the announcement of UNK discovery of chemical electricity and he immediately applied the voltaic pile to experiments with acids and UNK . END
the following year he devoted to the customary `` UNK '' , traveling in germany , france , and the UNK , meeting the philosophers UNK , UNK , and UNK . END
he also met count UNK ( born benjamin thompson in UNK , mass. ) who was then serving the UNK of UNK , and the physicist ritter ; ; END
these were oersted's main contacts in science . END
from UNK ( 1801 ) where he stayed for 10 days , he wrote , `` the first question asked everywhere is about UNK . END
as everybody is curious to see the battery of glass tubes i have invented , i have had quite a small one made here of four glass tubes ( in copenhagen i used 30 ) and intend to carry it with me '' . END
oersted joined ritter at UNK and stayed with him for 3 weeks , continuing their correspondence after he left . END
with ritter he was exposed to the fantastic UNK of ideas that UNK through his host's fertile but disorganized mind . END
oersted UNK UNK notes into an essay in french which was submitted to the UNK de france for its annual prize of 3,000 UNK . END
the sound discoveries of this UNK genius were so diluted by those of fantasy that the prize was never awarded to him . END
in may , UNK , ritter , in another flight of fancy , wrote to oersted a letter that contained a remarkable prophecy . END
he related events on earth to periodic celestial phenomena and indicated that the years of maximum inclination of the UNK coincided with the years of important electrical discoveries . END
thus , UNK corresponded to the invention of the `` UNK '' jar by UNK , UNK that of the UNK by UNK , UNK produced the UNK of UNK , and 1801 the voltaic pile . END
ritter proceeded , `` you now emerge into a new epoch in which late in the year 1819 or UNK , you will have to reckon . END
this we might well witness '' . END
ritter died in 1810 and oersted not only lived to see the event occur but was the author of it . END
in UNK oersted returned to copenhagen and applied for the university's chair in physics but was rejected because he was probably considered more a philosopher than a physicist . END
however , he continued experimenting and UNK , publishing the results of his experiments in german and danish periodicals . END
in UNK his ambition was realized and he became professor of physics at the copenhagen university , though not realizing full UNK ( UNK ) until 1817 . END
during oersted's attendance at the university , it was poorly equipped with physical apparatus for experimenting in the sciences . END
he was , however , fortunate in his contact with prof. j. g. l. UNK ( UNK ) , teacher of chemistry , who , in addition to his academic chair , was also proprietor of the `` lion pharmacy '' in copenhagen where oersted assisted him . END
UNK maintained a valuable collection of physical and chemical apparatus which was at oersted's disposal during and after his graduation . END
in UNK , UNK went abroad and oersted was appointed manager of the lion pharmacy . END
in february 1801 , oersted did manage to experiment with physical apparatus and reported experiments made with a voltaic battery of 600 plates of zinc and silver and of later experiments with a battery of 60 plates of zinc and lead . END
in the following year , UNK , oersted , simultaneously with UNK , discovered that acids increased the strength of a voltaic battery more than did salts . END
eager as he was to pursue this promising line , he was so loaded down with the management of the pharmacy and lectures in the medical and UNK faculties at the university that he could devote only sunday afternoons to `` UNK '' . END
he assumed his academic career with the same intensity and UNK that had marked every step in his rise from boyhood . END
the university was the only one in denmark and the status of professor represented the upper social level . END
his broad interest in literary , political , and philosophical movements opened many doors to him . END
his friends were numerous and their ties to him were strong . END
the years 1812 and UNK saw him in germany and france again , but on this visit to berlin he did not seek out the philosophers as he had on his first journey . END
in berlin he published his views of the chemical laws of nature in german and this was issued in french translation ( paris , UNK ) under the title UNK UNK UNK des forces UNK et UNK , a work held in very high esteem by the new generation of research chemists . END
his interest in finding a relationship between voltaic electricity and magnetism is here first indicated . END
chapter 8 , is entitled `` on magnetism '' and in it are included such remarks as , `` one has always been tempted to compare the magnetic forces with the electrical forces . END
the great resemblance between electrical and magnetic attractions and UNK and the similarity of their laws necessarily would bring about this comparison . END
it is true , that nothing has been found comparable with electricity by communication ; ; END
but the phenomena observed had such a degree of analogy to those depending on electrical distribution that one could not find the slightest difference . END
the form of UNK activity is halfway between the magnetic form and the electrical form . END
there , forces are more latent than in electricity , and less than in magnetism . END
but in such an important question , we would be satisfied if the judgment were that the principal objection to the identity of forces which produce electricity and magnetism were only a difficulty , and not a thing which is contrary to it . END
one could also add to these analogies that steel loses its magnetism by heat , which proves that steel becomes a better conductor through a rise in temperature , just as electrical bodies do . END
it is also found that magnetism exists in all bodies of nature , as proven by UNK and UNK . END
by that , one feels that magnetic forces are as general as electrical forces . END
an attempt should be made to see if electricity , in its most latent stage , has any action on the UNK as such '' . END
his plan and intent were clearly charted . END
oersted returned in UNK and resumed an active part in university and political discussions . END
in one debate he supported the freedom of judgment as opposed to dogma , in another he held that the practice of science was in fact an act of religious worship . END
he continued as a popular lecturer . END
he devised a UNK fuse in which a short wire was caused to glow by an electric current . END
in 1819 under royal command he undertook a very successful geological expedition to UNK , one of the danish islands , being one of three scientists in the expedition . END
it was with the assistance of one of the members of this expedition , UNK UNK , that oersted succeeded in producing light by creating an electric discharge in mercury vapor through which an electric current was made to flow . END
together they also developed a new form of voltaic cell in which the wooden UNK was replaced by one of copper , thereby producing stronger currents . END
UNK was among those who witnessed oersted's first demonstration of his discovery . END
the association between electric ( both electrostatic and voltaic ) forces and magnetic forces had been recognized by investigators for many decades . END
electrical literature contained numerous references to lightning that had UNK iron and had altered the polarity of compass needles . END
in the late UNK UNK and van UNK , among others , had UNK iron by sending an electrostatic charge through it . END
UNK had almost stumbled on a lead to the relationship between electricity and magnetism when a discharge from a UNK jar was sent UNK through a piece of UNK steel making its ends magnetic . END
the resulting magnetic effect proved stronger than when the discharge was made lengthwise . END
the experiments of UNK and others have already been noted but no one had determined the UNK relationship between these two primary forces . END
oersted's own earlier experiments were UNK , possibly because he had , like other experimenters , laid the conducting wire across the compass needle instead of parallel with it . END
the sequence of events leading to his important discovery still remains ambiguous but it seems that one of the advanced students at the university related that the first direct event that led to the publication of oersted's discovery occurred during a private lecture made before a group of other advanced students in the spring of UNK . END
at this lecture oersted happened to place the conducting wire over and parallel to a magnetic needle . END
knowing specifically what the many feed additives can do and how and when to feed them can make a highly competitive business more profitable for beef , dairy , and sheep men . END
the target chart quickly and briefly tells you which additives do what . END
all the additives listed here are sanctioned for use by the food and drug administration of the federal government . END
all comments concerning effectiveness and use of drugs have been carefully reviewed by a veterinary medical officer with aj . END
this article assumes that the UNK you are feeding your beef , dairy cattle , and sheep are adequately balanced with protein , vitamins , and minerals . END
the UNK chemical name is listed , since most states require feed UNK to use this name instead of the trade name on the feed tag . END
in some instances , the trade name is shown in UNK following the chemical name . END
this indicates that this drug is being UNK under one trade name only or state regulatory organizations have approved its use on the feed tag . END
here's your feed UNK guide for UNK : END
UNK UNK ( UNK ) what it does : END
increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency , aids in the prevention or treatment ( depending on level fed ) of the early stages of shipping fever , prevents or treats bacterial diarrhea , and aids in reducing incidence of bloat and liver UNK . END
milk production may be increased by the UNK properties of this drug . END
how to feed : beef cattle ( finishing ration ) END
-- to increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 75 milligrams per head in daily supplement . END
-- to increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 25 grams per ton of complete feed . END
as an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton of complete feed . END
for the treatment of bacterial scours , feed UNK grams . END
for prevention or treatment of bacterial scours , feed 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily . END
-- as an aid in reducing incidence and severity of bloat , provide 75 milligrams of UNK UNK per animal daily . END
to reduce incidence of liver UNK , supply 75 milligrams of UNK activity per head daily . END
to prevent or treat bacterial diarrhea , furnish 0.1 to 5 milligrams per pound of body weight daily . END
for the prevention or treatment of the early stages of shipping fever complex , increase feeding level to 0.5 to 2 grams per head per day . END
for the best results , feed this level to cattle 3 to 5 days preceding UNK and/or 3 to 5 days following their arrival in your feed lot . END
for treatment of shipping fever , this level should be fed at the onset of the disease symptoms until symptoms disappear . END
-- to increase rate of gain and improve feed efficiency , feed 10 to 20 grams per ton . END
as an aid in the prevention of bacterial diarrhea ( scours ) , feed 50 grams per ton . END
UNK ( aureomycin ) what it does : END
increases gains , improves feed efficiency , and reduces losses from bacterial infections listed under `` how to feed '' section . END
milk production may be increased by the UNK properties of this drug . END
how to feed : beef END
-- not less than 70 milligrams of aureomycin per head daily to aid in the prevention of liver UNK in UNK beef cattle . END
prevention of bacterial UNK , shipping fever , as an aid in reduction of losses due to respiratory infections ( infectious UNK -- shipping fever complex ) . END
feed at level of 70 milligrams per head per day . END
treatment of the above diseases : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only . END
for prevention of these diseases during periods of stress such as shipping , excessive handling , UNK , extreme weather conditions : 350 milligrams per head per day for 30 days only . END
as an aid in reducing bacterial diarrhea and preventing foot rot , feed not less than 0.1 milligram per pound of body weight daily . END
to aid in the prevention of UNK , feed not less than 0.5 milligram per pound of body weight daily . END
-- for calves , feed not less than 50 grams of aureomycin per ton complete feed as an aid in preventing bacterial diarrhea and foot rot . END
for cows , feed providing an intake of 0.1 milligram of aureomycin per pound of body weight daily aids in the reduction of bacterial diarrhea , in the prevention of foot rot , and in the reduction of losses due to respiratory infection ( infectious UNK -- shipping fever complex ) . END
-- as an aid in reducing losses due to UNK ( UNK disease ) , feed a complete ration containing not less than 20 and not more than 50 grams of aureomycin per ton . END
to reduce UNK abortion in breeding sheep , feed 80 milligrams per head daily . END
an aid in getting cattle and sheep on full feed , in improving feed conversion and growth , in reducing bloat and founder , and in controlling scours . END
how to feed : beef and dairy calves END
-- 0.2 gram UNK per head daily ( 1 gram of UNK per head daily ) for promoting growth , feed conversion , bloom , and full feed earlier . END
-- UNK in a complete ration or UNK to 0.4 gram per head per day ( 200 grams of UNK per ton complete ration or equivalent . END
animals consuming 20 pounds feed daily receive 2 grams UNK ) . END
aids in UNK the occurrence of UNK bloat due to high consumption of concentrates . END
-- UNK gram UNK per head per day for promoting growth , feed conversion , and getting lambs on full feed earlier . END
increases rate of gain and improves feed efficiency . END
how to feed : beef cattle END
-- 10 milligrams of UNK per head daily . END
this may be incorporated in complete feeds at the level of 0.4 milligram of UNK per pound of ration -- assuming animal UNK about 25 pounds daily . END
the drug is also incorporated in supplements . END
these are to be fed at a rate to provide 10 milligrams des per head daily . END
the recommended UNK daily intake level should be maintained . END
it may be incorporated into cattle creep feeds in levels from UNK to 1.5 milligrams of UNK per pound of feed . END
-- the recommended level for sheep is 2 milligrams daily , and this level should be maintained . END
include supplement containing 0.4 to 2 milligrams per pound to provide 2 milligrams per head per day . END
UNK UNK 48 hours before slaughter . END
improves growth rate and feed efficiency of UNK beef animals . END
at the rate of UNK milligrams per head per day . END
drug UNK the UNK rate of the cow . END
fed to dairy cattle to increase milk production and UNK percentage . END
1 to 1-1/2 grams per 100 pounds of body weight . END
cows receiving drug may not be officially tested under breed registry testing programs . END
bacterial and UNK enzymes . END
( these enzyme preparations appear on today's feed UNK as UNK extracts of UNK UNK , UNK UNK , UNK , and UNK . END
) what it does : END
improves utilization of UNK corn ( less than UNK ) . END
greatest benefits have been associated with feeding UNK corn in UNK programs . END
several firms are merchandising enzyme preparation through feed manufacturers . END
effectively controls cattle UNK which damage hides and can reduce gains . END
drug is added to either a protein or mineral supplement for a period of 7 or 14 days . END
follow manufacturer's recommendation carefully . END
do not feed to dairy cows and do not feed within 60 days of slaughter . END
aids in preventing UNK bloat . END
for prevention of UNK bloat , feed at a rate of 0.5 to 2 milligrams per head per day in mineral or salt or feed . END
for treatment of bloat , drug is fed at a higher level . END
reduces losses from stomach , UNK , and UNK worms by interfering with reproduction of the female worm by reducing the number of eggs laid and essentially rendering all laid eggs sterile . END
also , aids in the control of horn flies by preventing them from hatching in the UNK . END
treat cattle with 10 grams per 100 pounds body weight with a maximum of 70 grams per animal . END
then , for the above parasites , feed continuously at these levels : UNK cattle -- UNK grams of UNK daily ; ; END
beef calves -- to 1.5 grams daily depending on weight of animal . END
treat lambs with 12 grams per head for lambs weighing up to 50 pounds ; ; END
treat lambs over 50 pounds and adults with 24 grams per animal . END
for continuous control , feed 1 part UNK to 9 parts minerals or salts . END
to include in feed , add UNK to supply 0.5 to 1 gram per sheep daily . END
continuous administration is not recommended for UNK cows . END
following UNK treatment , milk should be discarded for 4 days following treatment . END
aids in reducing the incidence and severity of bloat in beef or dairy cattle on UNK pasture . END
feed UNK units or 75 milligrams per head daily . END
for the prevention or treatment of UNK ( ketosis ) in dairy cows . END
for the prevention of UNK ( ketosis ) feed 1/4 pound per day beginning at UNK and continuing for 6 weeks . END
for the treatment of ketosis feed 1/4 to 1/2 pound per day for 10 days . END
helps control shipping UNK and UNK in lambs . END
how to feed : lambs END
-- feed at level for 2 or 3 days . END
incorporated in commercially prepared feed at proper levels . END
calcium and sodium UNK . END
prevents and treats UNK ( ketosis ) in dairy cows . END
for prevention of ketosis , feed 1/4 pound per head daily for 6 weeks commencing at UNK time . END
for treatment of ketosis , feed 1/2 pound daily until symptoms disappear . END
then , feed preventive dose until 6 weeks after UNK . END
a UNK fed to cattle ( other than UNK dairy cows ) prior to their being subjected to stress conditions such as UNK , shipping , UNK calves , and excessive handling . END
not less than milligram but not more than UNK milligrams of UNK per pound of body weight . END
UNK should not be fed 72 hours before animals are UNK . END
there are three principal feed bunk types for dairy and beef cattle : ( 1 ) UNK bunks -- cattle eat from one side while feed is put in from the opposite side of the fence by self-unloading wagons ; ; END
( 2 ) mechanized bunks -- they sit within the feed lot , are filled by a mechanical UNK above feeding surface ; ; END
( 3 ) special bunks -- as discussed here , they permit cattle to eat from all sides . END
feed is put in with an elevator . END
several materials or combinations of materials can be used to construct a satisfactory feed bunk . END
the selection of materials depends on skills of available labor for installation , cost of materials available locally , and your own preference . END
no one material is best for all situations . END
selecting bunks by economic comparison is usually an individual problem . END
animals eat only from one side , so the UNK bunk must be twice as long as the mechanical bunk . END
these bunks also serve as a fence , so part of the additional cost must be attributed to the fence . END
because of their location , on the edge of the feed lot , UNK bunks are not in the way of mechanical manure removal . END
filling these bunks by the same self-unloading wagons used to fill UNK spreads cost of the wagons over more time and operations . END
UNK roads must be provided next to the feeding floor so access will be possible all year . END
this will be a problem in areas of heavy UNK . END
marketing in the new decade will be no picnic -- for the sixties will present possibly the most intense competitive activity that you have experienced in the last UNK yrs. . END
companies of all types have made great advances in production capabilities and UNK -- in modern equipment and new processes , enlarged r & d facilities , faster new product development . END
many companies have UNK their sales manpower and tested new selling , distribution , and promotion techniques to gain a bigger competitive edge . END
given this kind of business climate , what competitive marketing problems will your company face in the next 10 yrs. ? ? END
based on our experience with clients , , we see 14 major problems which fall into three broad groups -- the market place itself , marketing methods , and marketing management . END
there has been an intensification of UNK in recent years ; ; END
there is every indication it will continue . END
frequently , UNK or unwittingly , UNK has been fostered by manufacturers , distributors , and dealers . END
despite generally good levels of income , we see greater price pressures than ever before -- traveling back along the chain from consumer to distributor to manufacturer . END
here are some key areas to examine to make sure your pricing strategy will be on target : END
has the probable price situation in your field been forecast as a basis for future planning ? ? END
have cost studies been made of every phase of your operation to determine what might be done if things get worse ? ? END
have you actually checked out ( not just mentally tested ) different selling approaches designed to counter the price competition problem ? ? END
average consumer is becoming more sophisticated regarding product and advertising claims , partly because of widespread criticism of such UNK . END
this problem can force a change in marketing approach in many kinds of businesses . END
have you examined this problem of increasing consumer sophistication from the standpoint of your own company ? ? END
greater demand for services . END
need for service is here to stay -- and the problem is going to be tougher to solve in the sixties . END
there are two reasons for this . END
first , most products tend to become more complex . END
second , in a competitive market , the customer feels his weight and throws it around . END
providing good customer service requires as thorough a marketing and general management planning job as the original selling of the product . END
too often it is thought of at the last moment of new product introduction . END
good service starts with product design and planning : many products seem to be designed for a production economy , not for a service one . END
proper UNK requires training your own sales organization , and your distributor organizations , not only in the techniques but also in good customer relations . END
have you assessed the importance of service and given it proper attention ? ? END
wider UNK choices for customers . END
in spending his money today , the consumer is pulled in many directions . END
to the manufacturer of the more UNK product -- the purchase of which can be switched , delayed , or put off entirely -- the implications are important . END
your competition is now proportionately greater -- you are competing not only against manufacturers in the same field but also against a vast array of manufacturers of other appealing consumer products . END
many industry trade associations are developing campaigns to protect or enhance the share of the UNK dollar being spent on their particular products . END
has your company thought through its strategy in this whole `` UNK buying '' area ? ? END
geographic shift of customers . END
the trends have been in evidence for many years -- population shifts to the southwest and far west , and from city to suburbs . END
these shifts will continue in the next 10 yrs. . END
have you considered the implications of continuing geographic shifts in terms of sales force allocation , strength of distributor organizations , and even plant location ? ? END
market concentration and distribution in fewer accounts . END
we have already witnessed great changes through mergers and UNK in the food industry -- at both the manufacturing and retail ends . END
instead of relatively small sales to many accounts , there are now larger sales to or through fewer accounts . END
the change may require different products , pricing , packaging , UNK , salesmanship , advertising and executive attention -- practically every link in the marketing network may have to be adjusted . END
have you examined these trends , forecast the effects , and planned your marketing strategy to compete effectively under changing circumstances ? ? END
more private label competition . END
in the area of private label competition , it is logical to expect a continuation of trends which have been under way during the first decade . END
as mass dealer and distributor organizations grow in size , there is every reason to expect them to try to share in the manufacturer's as well as the UNK profits -- which is , in effect , what the sale of private brands tends to do . END
average manufacturer frequently has helped build private brand business , delivering largely the same qualities and styles in private brand merchandise as in UNK . END
moreover , the larger and more aggressive mass distribution outlets and chain stores have insisted on high quality -- and the customer seems to have caught on . END
if you are up against private brand competition , have you formulated a long-term program for UNK and strengthening your market position ? ? END
if private brand competition hasn't been felt in your product field as yet , have you thought how you will cope with it if and when it does appear ? ? END
display merchandising , backed by UNK through advertising and promotion , will continue to make strides in the sixties . END
it has multiple implications and possible headaches for your marketing program . END
how can you cash in on this UNK type of outlet and still maintain relationships with older existing outlets which are still important ? ? END
if you have a UNK product , how can you make it stand out -- justify its premium price -- without the spoken word ? ? END
salesmanship is still necessary , but it's a different brand of salesmanship . END
have you carefully examined the selling techniques which best suit your products ? ? END
have you studied the caliber and sales approaches of your sales force in relation to requirements for effective marketing ? ? END
are you experimenting with different selling UNK in developing new customers ? ? END
higher costs of distribution generally . END
some distribution costs are kept up by competitive pressure , some by the fact that the customers have come to expect certain UNK and flourishes . END
no manufacturer has taken the initiative in pointing out the costs involved . END
the use of bulk handling is continuously growing . END
computers are being used to keep branch inventories at more workable levels . END
`` selective selling '' -- concentrating sales on the larger accounts -- has been used effectively by some manufacturers . END
there may be possible economies at any one of a number of links in your marketing and distribution chain . END
do you have a program for UNK all these links regularly and carefully -- and with some imagination ? ? END
in your sales force , will a smaller number of UNK , UNK salesmen serve you best , or can you make out better with a larger number of UNK salesmen ? ? END
will your trade customers settle for less attention and fewer UNK in return for some benefit they can share ? ? END
in one company covering the country with a UNK sales force of 10 men , the president personally phones each major account every 6 UNK . END
as a result , distribution costs were cut , customer relations improved . END
distribution costs are almost bound to increase in the sixties -- and you will never know what you can do to control them unless you study each element and experiment with alternative ways of doing the job . END
higher costs of advertising and promotion . END
from the manufacturer's point of view , the increasing cost of advertising and promotion is a very real problem to be faced in the sixties . END
it is UNK by the need for UNK goods , and private label competition . END
how much fundamental thinking and research has your company done on its advertising program ? ? END
are you following competition willy-nilly -- trying to match dollar for dollar -- or are you experimenting with new means for reaching and UNK consumers ? ? END
have you evaluated the proper place of advertising and all phases of promotion in your total marketing program -- from the standpoint of effort , money , and effectiveness ? ? END
increasing tempo of new product development . END
practically all forecasts mention new and exciting products on the horizon . END
will you be out in the market place with some of these UNK new products ? ? END
if competition beats you to it , this exciting new product era can have real headaches in store . END
on the other hand , the process of UNK an old product and introducing the new one is usually mighty expensive . END
as markets become larger and marketing more complex , the costs of an error become progressively larger . END
is your r & d or product development program UNK in to the commercial realities of the market ? ? END
are there regular communications from the field , or meetings of sales and marketing personnel with r & d people ? ? END
technical knowledge is a wonderful thing , but it's useless unless it eventually feeds the cash register . END
are there individuals in your organization who can UNK a new product through to UNK ; ; END
who can develop reliable estimates of sales volume , production , and distribution costs ; ; END
and translate the whole into profit and loss and balance sheet figures which management can act on with some assurance ? ? END
we have seen good new products UNK because no one had the assignment to develop such facts and plans -- and management couldn't make up its mind . END
shortage of skilled salesmen . END
there is a shortage of salesmen today . END
in the future , quantitative demand will be greater because of the expansion of the economy , and the qualitative need will be greater still . END
while many companies have done fine work in developing sales personnel , much of it has been product rather than sales training . END
nor has the training been enough in relation to the need . END
most marketing people agree it is going to take UNK efforts to satisfy future requirements . END
have you estimated your sales manpower needs for the future ( both quantitatively and UNK ) ? ? END
has your company developed selection and training processes that are UNK to providing the caliber of salesmen you will need in the next 10 yrs. ? ? END
shortage of sales management talent . END
with the growing complexity of markets and intensity of competition , sales management , whether at the district , region or headquarters level , is a tough job today -- and it will be tougher in the future . END
men qualified for the broader task of marketing manager are even more scarce due to the demanding combination of qualifications called for by this type of management work . END
the growth of business has UNK the available supply , and the demand will continue to exceed the supply in the sixties . END
does your company have a program for selecting and developing sales and marketing management personnel for the longer term ? ? END
does your management climate and your management compensation plan attract and keep UNK marketing people ? ? END
complexity of complete marketing planning . END
every single problem touched on thus far is related to good marketing planning . END
`` UNK '' tactics are going to be harder to apply . END
many food and beverage companies are already on a highly planned basis . END
they have to be . END
with greater investments in plant facilities , with automation growing , you can't switch around , either in volume or in product design , as much as was formerly possible -- or at least not as economically . END
are planning and strategy development emphasized sufficiently in your company ? ? END
we find too many sales and marketing executives so burdened with detail that they are UNK planning . END
are annual marketing plans reviewed throughout your management group to get the perspective of all individuals and get everyone on the marketing team ? ? END
do you have a long-term ( UNK or UNK ) marketing program ? ? END
the key to effective marketing is wrapped up in defining your company's marketing problems realistically . END
solutions frequently suggest themselves when you accurately pinpoint your problems , whether they be in the market , in marketing methods or in marketing management . END
if companies will take the time to give objective consideration to their major problems and to the questions they UNK , then a long constructive step will have been taken toward more effective marketing in next decade . END
the controversy of the last few years over whether architects or interior designers should plan the interiors of modern buildings has brought clearly into focus one important difference of opinion . END
the architects do not believe that the education of the interior designer is sufficiently good or sufficiently extended to compare with that of the architect and that , therefore , the interior designer is incapable of understanding the architectural principles involved in planning the interior of a building . END
ordinary politeness may have UNK against this opinion being stated so badly but anyone with a wide acquaintance in both groups and who has sat through the many round tables , workshops or panel discussions -- whatever they are called -- on this subject will recognize that the final , boiled down UNK of the matter is education . END
it is true that most architectural schools have five year courses , some even have six or more . END
the element of public danger which enters so largely into architectural UNK , however , would demand a prolonged study of structure . END
this would , naturally , UNK their courses far beyond the largely UNK demands of interior UNK training . END
we may then dismiss the time difference between these courses and the usual four year course of the interior design student as not having serious bearing on the subject . END
the real question that follows is -- how are those four years used and what is their value as training ? ? END
the american institute of interior designers has published a recommended course for designers and a percentage layout of such a course . END
an examination of some forty UNK of schools offering courses in interior design , for the most part schools UNK by membership in the national association of schools of art , and a further `` on the spot '' inspection of a number of schools , show their courses adhere pretty closely to the recommendations . END
one or two of the schools have a five year curriculum , but the usual pattern of american education has limited most of them to the UNK plan which seems to be the minimum in acceptable institutions . END
the suggested course of the UNK was based on the usual course offered and on the opinion of many educators as to UNK necessities . END
obviously , the four year provision limits this to fundamentals and much desirable material must be eliminated . END
without comparing the relative merits of the two courses -- architecture versus interior design -- let us examine the educational needs of the interior designer . END
to begin with , what is an interior designer ? ? END
`` the dictionary of occupational titles '' published by the u. s. department of labor describes him as follows : `` designs , plans and furnishes interiors of houses , commercial and institutional structures , hotels , clubs , ships , theaters , as well as set decorations for motion picture arts and television . END
makes drawings and plans of rooms showing placement of furniture , floor UNK , wall decorations , and determines color schemes . END
furnishes complete cost estimates for clients approval . END
makes necessary purchases , places contracts , UNK construction , installation , finishing and placement of furniture , UNK and other UNK furnishings , and follows through to completion of project '' . END
in addition to this the u. s. civil service bureau , when examining applicants for government positions as interior designers , expects that `` when various needed objects are not obtainable on the market he will design them . END
he must be capable of designing for and UNK the manufacture of any craft materials needed in the furnishings '' . END
this seems like a large order . END
the interior designer , then , must first be an artist but also understand carpentry and painting and lighting and plumbing and finance . END
yet nobody will question the necessity of all this and any reputable interior designer does know all this and does practice it . END
and further he must understand his obligation to the client to not only meet his physical necessities but also to enhance and improve his life and to enlarge the cultural horizon of our society . END
few will quarrel with the aim of the schools or with the wording of their curriculum . END
it is in the quality of the teaching of all this that a question may arise . END
the old established independent art schools try their best to fulfill their obligations . END
yet even here many a problem is presented ; ; END
as in a recent design competition with a floor plan and the simple command -- `` design a luxury apartment '' ; ; END
no description of the client or his cultural level , no assertion of geographical area or local social necessities -- simply `` a luxury apartment '' . END
working in a vacuum of minimal information can result only in show pieces that look good in UNK and UNK and may please the public relations department but have little to do with the essence of interior design . END
it is possible , of course , to work on extant or projected buildings where either architect or owner will explain their necessities so that the student may get `` the feel '' of real interior design demands . END
unfortunately , the purely synthetic problem is the rule . END
it is like medical schools in india where , in that UNK of religious inhibition , the UNK of dead bodies is frowned upon . END
instead they learn their UNK on the UNK of plants . END
thus technical efficiency is achieved at the expense of actual experience . END
in the earlier years of training certain phases of the work must be covered and the synthetic problem has its use . END
but to continue to divorce advanced students from reality is UNK . END
consultation with architects , clients , real estate men , fabric houses and furniture companies is essential to the proper development of class problems just as in actual work . END
fortunately , although only a few years ago they held the student at arms length , today the business houses welcome the opportunity to aid the student , not only from an increased sense of community responsibility but also from the realization that the student of today is the interior designer of tomorrow -- that the student already is `` in the trade '' . END
even the `` history of furniture '' can hardly be taught exclusively from photographs and lantern slides . END
here , too , the reality of actual furniture must be experienced . END
the professional organizations such as american institute of interior designers , national society of interior designers , home fashions league and various trade associations , can and do aid greatly in this work . END
certainly every educator involved in interior design should be a member and active in the work of one of these organizations . END
not only should every educator above the rank of instructor be expected to be a member of one of the professional organizations , but his first qualification for membership as an educator should be so sharply UNK that membership would be equivalent to UNK to teach the subject . END
participation for the educator in this case , however , would have to be raised to full and complete membership . END
the largest of these organizations at present denies to the full time educator any vote on the conduct and standards of the group and , indeed , refuses him even the right to attach the customary UNK after his name in the college UNK . END
this UNK status of the educator cannot fail to lower his standing in the eyes of the students . END
the professor in turn dares not tolerate the influence in his classes of an organization in the policies and standards of which he has no voice . END
this seems somewhat shortsighted since if the absolute educational qualifications for membership which the organizations profess are ever enforced , the educator will have the molding of the entire profession in his hands . END
in one way the UNK and societies do a UNK to the schools . END
that is in the continuance of the `` grandfather clauses '' in their membership requirements . END
when these groups were first formed many prominent and accomplished decorators could not have had the advantage of school training since interior design courses were rare and undeveloped during their youth . END
long hard years of `` on the job '' training had brought them to their competence . END
the necessity of that day has long disappeared . END
there is plenty of opportunity for proper education today . END
it is discouraging for students to realize that the societies do not truly uphold the standards for which they are supposed to stand . END
the reason and the day of `` grandfather clauses '' has long since passed . END
no one can deny that these `` back door '' UNK to membership provisions have been seriously abused nor that they have not resulted in the admission of downright UNK to membership in supposedly learned societies . END
beyond any question of curriculum and approach to subject must be the quality of the teachers themselves . END
it will occur to anyone that the teacher must have adequate education , a depth and breadth of knowledge far beyond the immediate necessities of his course plus complete dedication to his subject and to his students . END
the local decorator who UNK in for a few hours of teaching may but more likely may not have these qualifications . END
nor will the UNK , the UNK , still found in some of the smaller art schools , suffice . END
only a few years ago a middle western college circulated a request for a teacher of interior design . END
at the end of its letter was the information that applicants for this position `` must also be prepared to teach costume design and advertising art '' . END
this kind of UNK toward their students can scarcely build a strong professional attitude in the future designer . END
we must build a corps of highly professional teachers of interior design who have had education , experience in the profession and are willing to take on the usual UNK of teaching -- minimal income and minimal status among their UNK . END
considerable specialization in teaching subjects such as architecture , furniture design , textiles and color is also desirable . END
in all `` degree '' courses in interior design a number of `` academic '' or `` general studies '' courses are included . END
it is only fair to demand that teachers of courses in english , history , psychology and so on be as well informed in matters of art , especially interior design , as are the art teachers educated in the academic subjects . END
the proper correlation of the art with the academic can be achieved only if this standard is observed . END
the matter of sympathy of the academic professors for art objectives also must be taken into account . END
one technical question of school organization comes to mind here . END
for proper accreditation of schools , teachers in any course must have a degree at least one level above that for which the student is a candidate . END
since there are almost no schools in the country offering graduate work in interior design this rule cannot at present be observed . END
indeed , it has only been a matter of the last few years that reputable schools of art have granted degrees at all . END
the question , however , cannot be ignored for long . END
the basic problem involved is that a college setting up a graduate school must have an entirely separate faculty for the advanced degree . END
most professors in the course must , naturally , again have a higher degree than the course offers . END
one solution is the UNK of degrees in education but it is a poor substitute . END
it is a sort of academic UNK and you solve it . END
this brings us to the question of accreditation of art schools in general . END
only the independent art schools , that is , those not connected with any university or college , receive severe and separate investigation before accreditation by the various regional organizations . END
it has been the custom for most universities to stretch the blanket of accreditation for their liberal arts school to cover the shivering body of their fine arts department . END
this , plus the habit of many schools of simply adding interior design to the many subjects of their home economics department , yet , nevertheless , claiming that they teach interior design , has contributed to the low UNK of many university courses in interior design . END
in spite of this , many universities offer adequate and even distinguished courses in the subject . END
there will be no UNK of these UNK until all art schools , whether independent or attached to universities have separate accreditation -- as do medical schools -- by an art accreditation group such as the `` national association of schools of art '' . END
independent art schools granting degrees must , naturally , follow this with academic accreditation by the appropriate regional group . END
how long has it been since you reviewed the objectives of your benefit and service program ? ? END
have you permitted it to become a giveaway program rather than one that has the goal of improved employee morale and , consequently , increased productivity ? ? END
what effort do you make to assess results of your program ? ? END
do you measure its relation to reduced UNK , UNK , accidents , and UNK , and to improved quality and output ? ? END
have you set specific objectives for your employee publication ? ? END
is it reaching these goals ? ? END
is it larger or UNK than you really need ? ? END
are you using the most economical printing methods , paper , etc. . END
are there other , cheaper communications techniques that could be substituted ? ? END
has your attitude toward employee benefits encouraged an excess of free `` government '' work in your plant ? ? END
is your purchasing agent offering too much UNK service for employees ? ? END
when improvements are recommended in working conditions -- such as lighting , rest rooms , eating facilities , UNK -- do you try to set a measure of their effectiveness on productivity ? ? END
when negotiating with your union , do you make sure employees have a choice between new benefits and their UNK cost in wages . END
can you consider restricting any additional employee benefits to those paid for by UNK money , such as was done in the union contract recently signed by american motors corporation ? ? END
do your employees understand all the benefits to which your insurance entitles them ? ? END
are they encouraged to take full legal advantage of these benefits ? ? END
have you publicized the UNK value of the company's share of insurance UNK ? ? END
when did you last compare your present premium costs with the costs of insurance from other sources ? ? END
can your insurance company aid you in reducing administrative costs ? ? END
do you try to maintain the principle of UNK ( as opposed to fully UNK ) programs ? ? END
holidays , time off , UNK END
do you protect your holiday privileges with an attendance requirement both before and after the holiday ? ? END
do you plan to limit additional holidays to area and/or industrial patterns ? ? END
have you investigated the possibility of moving UNK holidays forward to monday or back to friday in order to have an uninterrupted work week ? ? END
are you carefully UNK UNK time and rest periods to be certain that all other time is productive ? ? END
are you watching work schedules for UNK operators , guards , and other UNK , UNK operations in order to minimize UNK ? ? END
are you careful to restrict the number of people on leave at one time so that your total employment obligation is minimized ? ? END
have you considered using vending equipment to replace or reduce the number of cafeteria employees ? ? END
what are the possibilities for operating your cafeteria for a single shift only and relying upon vending machines or UNK sandwiches for the UNK and UNK operations ? ? END
have you checked the cost of UNK your cafeteria operation in order to save administrative costs ? ? END
are there possibilities of having cafeteria help work part-time on UNK or other jobs ? ? END
can staggered lunch periods relieve the capacity strain on your feeding facilities ? ? END
would it be feasible to limit the menu in order to reduce feeding costs ? ? END
have you considered gradual withdrawal of UNK to your UNK feeding operation ? ? END
are you utilizing cafeteria space for company meetings or discussions ? ? END
are your expenses in this area commensurate with the number of employees who benefit from your program ? ? END
have you UNK your program recently to UNK out those phases that draw least participation ? ? END
do employees contribute their share of money to recreational facilities ? ? END
have you considered UNK operational responsibility to your employee association and carefully restricting your UNK financial contribution ? ? END
could an UNK garden club take over partial care of plant grounds ? ? END
would a camera club be useful in taking pictures pertinent to plant safety ? ? END
are you spending too much money on team uniforms that benefit only a few employees ? ? END
are you UNK expensive team trips ? ? END
are you utilizing vending machine proceeds to help pay for your program ? ? END
do you know the trend in your cost of maintaining access roads and parking lots ? ? END
if you use parking attendants , can they be replaced by automatic parking gates ? ? END
will your local bus company erect and/or maintain the bus stops at your plant ? ? END
if you provide UNK transportation , can this be replaced by available public transportation ? ? END
if you use company transportation to meet trains or to haul visitors , would UNK be cheaper ? ? END
how efficient and necessary are your UNK vehicles ? ? END
can they be UNK ? ? END
can part-time drivers be assigned to other productive work ? ? END
which is more economical for your plant -- a vacation UNK or spaced vacations that require extra employees for vacation UNK ? ? END
can vacations be spaced throughout the 12 months to minimize the number of employee UNK ? ? END
do you insist that UNK salary employees take their vacations during plant UNK ? ? END
what can your sales and purchasing departments do to curtail orders , shipments , and receipts during vacation UNK periods ? ? END
is an arbitrary retirement age of 65 actually costing your plant money ? ? END
what sort of effort do you make to assure that older or disabled workers are fully productive ? ? END
would early retirement of UNK , disabled employees reduce the number of UNK jobs ? ? END
will your union accept UNK concessions in assigning work for older or disabled employees ? ? END
can you share medical facilities and staff with neighboring plants ? ? END
if you have a full-time doctor now , can he be replaced with a part-time doctor or one who serves on a UNK basis only ? ? END
can your plant nurse be replaced by a trained UNK man who works full-time on some other assignment ? ? END
do you rigidly distinguish between UNK and UNK health problems and avoid treating the latter ? ? END
are you UNK offering unnecessary medical services -- flu shots , sun lamp treatments , etc. ? ? END
if you have an annual or regular physical examination program , is it worth what it is costing you ? ? END
a program to fit your needs END
consider what you can afford to spend and what your goals are before setting up or UNK your employee benefit program . END
too many plant officials are all too eager to buy a package program from an insurance company simply because it works for another plant . END
but even if that other plant employs the same number of workers and makes the same product , there are other facts to consider . END
how old is your working force ? ? END
what's your profit margin ? ? END
in what section of the country are you located ? ? END
are you in a rural or urban area ? ? END
these factors can make the difference between waste and efficiency in any benefit program . END
above all , don't set up extravagant fringe benefits just to buy employee good will . END
unions stress fringe benefits , but the individual UNK worker prefers cash every time . END
aim to balance your employee benefit package . END
some plants go overboard on one type of fringe -- say a liberal retirement plan -- and find themselves vulnerable elsewhere . END
they're asking for union trouble . END
if you want credit for your employee services program , let your workers know what they're entitled to . END
encourage them to exercise their benefits . END
this can be done by stories in your house organs , posters , special publications , letters to UNK homes as well as by word of mouth through your chain of command . END
some companies find a little imagination helpful . END
UNK cards , inc. , kansas city , mo. , has a do-it-yourself UNK game called `` benefit UNK '' , which it UNK to employees . END
m & r UNK laboratories , inc. , columbus , gives all its workers a UNK checkbook -- each check showing the amount the company spends on a particular fringe . END
u. s. rubber company , new york , passes out a form UNK the value of benefits . END
the UNK worker thus knows his insurance package , for example , costs UNK . END
have the insurance company or your own accounting department break down the cost of your insurance package periodically . END
you may find certain coverage costing much more than is economically feasible , thereby alerting you to desirable revisions . END
check to see if some of your benefits -- such as UNK disability pay -- can be put on a direct payment rather than an insured basis at a savings to you . END
use UNK insurance wherever feasible . END
it can put an end to marginal claims which play UNK with your insurance rates . END
also , UNK of UNK policies , especially in the medical field . END
this will mean that every time there's an increase in hospital rates your cost will go up in like manner . END
put a UNK limit on benefits . END
don't go overboard on insurance that pays benefits only upon death . END
generally , your employee will greatly appreciate benefits that protect him during his working life or during retirement . END
in granting bereavement leaves , specify the maximum time off and list what the worker's relation to the deceased must be to qualify . END
thus , you avoid headaches when an employee wants off for his fourth UNK funeral . END
also , reserve the right to demand proof of death despite the fact that you'll probably never use it . END
coffee breaks can be a real headache if not regulated . END
vending machines can alleviate the long hike to the cafeteria during the break with resulting waste of production time . END
if coffee is sold at the cafeteria , let a few workers in each department get it for the whole group . END
consider installing UNK serving lines in production areas . END
make sure milk for the coffee is placed in UNK rather than in containers , if you are supplying the coffee . END
otherwise , you may be saddled with a UNK milk bill by milk UNK . END
keep the retirement age flexible so skilled craftsmen such as tool and die makers can be kept on the job for the convenience of the company . END
and so UNK on the payroll can be eased out at the earliest possible age . END
make sure you have minimum age and UNK requirements tied into your pension plan . END
younger men usually don't think of pensions as an important job benefit factor anyhow and they're liable to change jobs several times before settling down . END
choose carefully between UNK or UNK pension plans . END
there are two sides of a coin for this decision . END
workers usually think more of a plan they contribute to . END
and they can at least collect the money they put in , plus interest , when they leave the company . END
a UNK plan usually won't pay off for the worker until he UNK . END
thus , there is an added incentive to stay on the job . END
make sure you don't pay for holidays that occur when an employee would not otherwise be working . END
these include : leaves of UNK , UNK , and UNK . END
consider adopting a system of holidays in which time off is granted with an eye to minimum UNK to the operation of the plant . END
it's usually not too hard to sell workers on this as it gives them longer holiday periods . END
for example , the friday after thanksgiving can be substituted for washington's birthday . END
this reduces the number of expensive plant UNK and UNK . END
require each employee to work his last shift both before and after the holiday to be eligible for pay . END
this cuts the UNK rate . END
consider using vending machines rather than subsidized UNK . END
latest models serve hot meals at reasonable prices , and at a profit to you . END
if a UNK runs the cafeteria , keep an eye out for quality and price . END
if the soup tastes like UNK , your employees won't blame the UNK . END
you'll take the UNK . END
check your cafeteria location to make sure it's convenient for most employees . END
you may save valuable production minutes with a change . END
spread your vacation period over the UNK possible span of time or shut the plant down for two weeks . END
this will cut the expense of vacation UNK . END
and with the UNK method there will be no argument as to who gets the choice vacation dates . END
also make sure you have reasonable requirements as to hours worked before a production employee is entitled to a vacation . END
you might try providing standard vacation time off but make the vacation pay depend on the number of hours worked in the previous year . END
the long and UNK column of sportsmen is now moving into a new era . END
modern times have changed the world beyond recognition . END
the early years of the twentieth century seem very far away . END
but with all the changes in philosophy , dress and terrain -- a few things remain constant , including the devotion of americans to the great field sports , hunting and fishing . END
as the generations move on , clothes become more suitable for the enjoyment of outdoor sports . END
sporting firearms change , markedly for the better . END
just as modern transportation has UNK the early UNK covered wagon , the demand of today's sportsmen and women has necessitated changes in their equipment . END
the american firearms and ammunition manufacturers through UNK research and technical development have replaced the muzzle UNK and UNK single-shot arms with modern fast firing UNK , extremely accurate bolt , lever , and slide action firearms . END
and millions of rounds of entirely new and modern UNK ammunition , designed for today's hunting and target shooting . END
and due to modern UNK and game management practices , there is still game to shoot , even with the UNK encroachment on land and water . END
present conservation practices regard wildlife , not as an UNK natural resource , but as an annual harvest to be UNK and also UNK . END
unlimited game bags are possible and legal in more than 40 states , on shooting preserves ( one of the newer phases of modern UNK ) for five and six months each year . END
close to two million game birds were UNK on UNK commercial and private shooting preserves , and on state game UNK UNK game areas during the UNK season . END
the shooting development program of the sporting arms and ammunition UNK institute has successfully published these facts in all major outdoor magazines , many national UNK and the trade papers . END
the most effective way to develop more places for more sportsmen to shoot is to encourage properly managed shooting preserves . END
this has been the aim of the director of the shooting development program , the new york staff of the UNK service bureau , and the UNK shooting preserve field consultants since the start of the program in 1954 . END
following the UNK of saami's shooting development program in 1954 , a most interesting meeting took place in washington , d.c. . END
the group known as the american association for health , , physical education , and recreation ( a division of the national education association ) initiated a conference which brought together representatives of the national rifle association , UNK and the american fishing tackle manufacturers . END
this meeting was called to determine how these groups might cooperate to launch what is known as the outdoor education project . END
the outdoor education project took UNK of the fact , so often overlooked , that athletic activities stressed in most school programs have little or no relationship to the physical and mental needs and interests of later life . END
the various team sports assuredly have their place in every school , and they are important to proper physical development . END
but with the exception of professional athletes , few contact sports and physical education activities in our schools have any carryover in the adult life of the average american man or woman . END
following a vigorous campaign of interpretation and leadership development by UNK director dr. julian smith , today thousands of secondary schools , colleges and universities have shooting and hunting education in their physical education and recreation programs . END
saami's financial support since 1955 has contributed to the success of this project in education . END
personnel assigned through the shooting development program have proudly participated in over 53 state and regional workshops , at which hundreds of school administrators , teachers , professors , and recreational leaders have been introduced to outdoor education . END
considering that the current UNK potential is 23 million youths , the project and its message on hunting and shooting education have many more to reach . END
in 1959 saami's shooting development program announced a new activity designed to expose thousands of teen-age boys and girls to the healthy fun enjoyed through the participation in the shooting sports . END
this program is now nationally known as `` teen hunter clubs '' . END
teen hunter clubs were initially sponsored by affiliated members of the allied merchandising corporation . END
the first program was sponsored by abraham & UNK , UNK , new york , under the direction of special events director UNK UNK . END
other pilot programs were conducted by a & s , UNK , new york ; ; END
j. l. hudson , detroit ; ; END
joseph UNK , pittsburgh . END
other UNK activities followed , conducted by shopping centers , department stores , recreation equipment dealers , UNK stations , newspapers , and other organizations interested in the need existing to UNK youngsters with the proper use of sporting firearms and the development of correct attitudes and UNK related to hunting and wise use of our natural resources . END
saami's field men have served as consultants and/or have participated in 75 teen hunter club activities which have reached over 40,000 enthusiastic young americans . END
through the efforts of saami's shooting development program these shooting activities , and many others , including UNK in the development of public and privately financed shooting parks , trap and UNK leagues , rifle and pistol UNK programs have been promoted , to mention only a few . END
the continuation and expansion of the shooting development program will assure to some degree that national and community leaders will be made aware of the UNK need for shooting facilities and activities for hunting and shooting in answer to public demand . END
while individual sportsmen are aware of this situation , too many of our political , social , educational and even religious leaders too often forget it . END
help is needed from dealers , at the UNK level . END
the american gun and ammunition producers sponsor a successful promotional program through their industry trade association . END
since saami's conception in 1926 , and more specifically since the adoption of the shooting development program in 1954 , millions of dollars and promotional UNK have gone into the development of more places to shoot for more youths and adults . END
we trust that you , as a gun and ammunition dealer , have UNK through additional sales of equipment . END
are you getting top dollar from the shooting sports ? ? END
are you looking ahead to the exploding market of millions of american boys and girls , who will grow up to enjoy a traditional american way of life -- ranging the fields with a fine american gun and uniformly excellent ammunition ? ? END
is your sporting firearms and ammunition department UNK for the expanding horizons ? ? END
would you like to organize teen hunters clubs , shooting programs , and have information on seasons including six months of hunting with unlimited game bags on shooting preserves ? ? END
we were camping a few weeks ago on cape UNK UNK in that land of pirates , UNK and UNK on north UNK famed outer banks . END
this beach UNK with no trees or hills presents a constant camping show with all manner of equipment in actual use . END
with the whole camp exposed to view we could see the variety of canvas shelters in which americans are camping now . END
there were umbrella tents , wall tents , cottage tents , station wagon tents , UNK tents , pop tents , baker tents , tents with exterior frames , UNK trailers , travel trailers , and even a few surplus UNK serving as UNK over entire family camps . END
moving around camp we saw all kinds of camp UNK , UNK , coolers , UNK , games , fishing tackle , UNK and UNK . END
we saw similar displays in the other three UNK in this UNK national seashore recreation area . END
dealers would do well to visit such a UNK often , look at the equipment and talk with the campers . END
here you begin to appreciate the scope of the challenges and possibilities facing the industry . END
camping is big and getting bigger . END
no one knows where it will stop . END
almost every official who reflects on it thinks this movement of americans to canvas dwellings opens one of the most promising of all outdoor markets . END
you read various UNK on how many americans are camping . END
the number depends on who is talking at the moment . END
the figures range as high as 15 million families . END
i've heard 10 million mentioned often , but i'm more inclined to think there may be a total of some five to seven million families camping . END
seven million families would total 30 million americans or more . END
consider the equipment needed to protect this many from the weather , to make their cooking easy and their sleeping comfortable . END
harassed state park officials often have more campers than they know what to do with . END
they are struggling to meet the demand for camping space , but families are being turned away , especially on holiday weekends . END
the national parks , always popular camping places , are facing the same pressure . END
the national park service hopes by 1966 to have 30,000 UNK available for 100,000 campers a day -- almost twice what there are at present . END
the u.s. forest service cares for hundreds of thousands of campers in its UNK national forests and is increasing its facilities steadily . END
but the campers still come . END
they bring their families and tents and camp kitchens and UNK . END
they bring their fishing rods and UNK and bathing suits . END
they come prepared for family fun because americans in UNK numbers are learning that here is the way to a fine economical vacation that becomes a family experience of lasting importance . END
there are a half dozen reasons helping to account for the migration to the UNK . END
among them , according to the u.s. department of commerce , are : ( 1 ) shorter work weeks , ( 2 ) higher pay , ( 3 ) longer paid vacations , ( 4 ) better transportation , ( 5 ) earlier retirement , and ( 6 ) more education . END
the more people learn about their country , the more they want to learn . END
camping is family fun , and it is helping more americans see more of the country than they ever saw before . END
but make no mistake about it , the first reason people turn to camping is one of economy . END
here is the promise of a vacation trip they can afford . END
the american automobile association , computing the cost for two people to vacation by automobile , comes up with an average daily expenditure figure of UNK . END
the UNK then UNK it down this way : UNK for meals , UNK for lodging , UNK for gas and oil , and $2 for tips and miscellaneous . END
what does the camping couple do to this set of figures ? ? END
the UNK for lodging they save . END
because they prepare their own meals they also keep in their pockets a good portion of that UNK food bill along with most of the tip money . END
the automobile expenses are about the only UNK cost they can't either eliminate or UNK down drastically by camping along the way . END
where americans used to think of a single vacation each summer , they now think about how many vacations they can have . END
long weekends enable many to get away from home for three or four days several times a year . END
and even if they stay in UNK part of the time , they might , if the right salesman gets them in UNK , develop a yearning to spice the usual vacation fare with a camping trip into the wide open spaces . END
it would be a mistake to sell those thousands of beginning campers on the idea they're buying the comforts of home . END
home is the place to find the comforts of home . END
they're buying fun and adventure and family experiences . END
but it would also be a mistake for them not to realize how comfortable camping has become . END
this is no longer a way of life for the bearded UNK and the wandering cowboy . END
today's campers want comforts , and they have them . END
and this helps explain why so many people are now going camping . END
it's fun , and it's easy -- so easy that there is time left after cooking , and tent keeping , for the women to get out and enjoy outdoor fun with their families . END
camp meals are no great problem . END
neither are beds , thanks to air UNK and sleeping bags . END
neither are shelters , because there is one to meet the needs of every UNK or prospective UNK . END
but there is still the sometimes complex problem of helping campers choose the best equipment for their individual needs . END
throughout history , the man who showed superior performance has become the commander of others -- for good or bad . END
since the industrial revolution , when factories emerged , this classical pattern has been followed . END
there have always been tales of UNK -- the competent technician who became an administrator , willingly or not , and found he didn't like it ; ; END
the scientist who rebelled against the personnel and paper work ; ; END
and much more commonly in recent years , the engineer who found that other duties interfered with -- or eliminated -- his engineering contributions . END
there have been many extremely competent men who have been converted into very UNK managers or submerged in paper work , to their own and the public's dissatisfaction and loss . END
this has been more evident since our products have incorporated UNK increased technology . END
the remedies have been many and varied -- attempts to teach management techniques -- either in plant , at special schools , or in university `` crash '' courses -- provision of UNK assistants or associates . END
but the realization has been growing that these are not the complete answer . END
some men have no talent for or interest in management ; ; END
forcing them into management can only create trouble . END
the old shop UNK still holds : `` a good mechanic is usually a bad boss '' . END
yet our economy UNK UNK to recognition of managerial status as the gage of success . END
labor fights to change its collar from blue to white . END
all grades of management seek more UNK titles and UNK because of social pressures . END
as several recent books have UNK , we have become the most UNK nation in the world . END
what can be done for the `` individual UNK '' who is extremely important -- and likely to be more so -- in the operation of the technically oriented company ? ? END
he is usually conscious of the social pressures at home and outside ; ; END
usually concerned about america's belief that attainment and success are measured in dollars and titles . END
yet titles are traditionally given only to management men , and income tends to rise with title . END
even the college professor in america has been affected . END
it is , as one engineer says , `` indeed a difficult thing for the engineer to accept that he can go as far on his technical merit as he could employing managerial skills . END
this difficulty arises even though we can give examples of men who have actually followed this course . END
this leads one to conclude , as you have , that there is inevitably more prestige in a management position in the minds of our people '' . END
nobody should be more able to answer the questions on this score than engineering UNK and chief engineers . END
so we asked such men in major companies in the design field to offer their opinions on the `` UNK '' problem -- and more importantly -- their solutions . END
in the paragraphs that follow , we quote from 32 men who are identified on the final page . END
first : what title , what setup ? ? END
among the more familiar plans for UNK advancement is that of general electric . END
this is not a mutually exclusive plan ; ; END
there is no one point in a man's career at which he must select either the technical or the managerial path upward . END
further , the management path does not open the door to higher opportunities than are offered by the more technical path . END
it is common to shift back and forth , working up through a number of UNK and UNK positions . END
actually , there are a number of UNK positions in both operating departments and in the UNK `` services '' operation that are filled by men with successful managerial experience who are currently broadening their capabilities . END
also , moving into a managerial position does not necessarily end a man's recognition as a technical expert . END
as examples at UNK : glen b. warren , formerly manager of the turbine division , widely recognized as a turbine designer . END
the late w. r. g. baker , a pioneer in television design and long-time UNK & UNK of the electronics division , and later , by his own choice , an individual consultant . END
harold e. UNK , expert in UNK design , for a long period UNK & UNK of the measurements & industrial products division , and who currently , approaching retirement , is vice-president and consulting engineer in the UNK & control division . END
in the UNK plan , a number of individual contributors have positions and compensation higher than those of many managers . END
these positions carry such titles as : END
consulting engineer , heat transfer END
UNK has a similar system , with two classifications representing various levels of competence on the strictly technical side : consulting engineer or scientist , as the case may be , and advisory engineer or scientist . END
many companies have systems , particularly in r & d , which work more or less well , depending upon size and actual belief in the policy on the part of administration , as will be UNK apparent in subsequent quotations . END
another factor that may hold hope is for parallel recognition is , as one man says it : `` that the UNK for UNK top people along managerial lines is yielding to the technically trained approach '' . END
senior staff engineer ? ? END
one company instituted , early in 1959 , a vertical classification system consisting of four levels . END
there is no formal equivalence to the UNK ranks ; ; END
the top UNK level , senior staff engineer , enjoys status and pay ranging up to that for the second level of engineering supervision . END
the second level , senior engineer , rates slightly below UNK supervision . END
the expectation is that UNK supervisors will be selected in approximately equal numbers from the second and third engineering level , with very few coming from the first level . END
the company expects to extend upward both compensation and status for UNK engineers , but probably not into executive levels . END
in this organization , about half of the engineers with 15 or more years of employment are in supervision , engineering or elsewhere . END
this reflects the very heavy engineering content of the products -- which are not military . END
several other examples : central and satellite END
`` we have over 20 divisions -- each of which has an engineering department headed by a chief engineer . END
we have set up a central r & d department , as well as UNK departments -- about 80 people working on problems related to those of our plants . END
a separate research department is , of course , confined to new or future designs . END
part of this headquarters staff , however , are engineering managers who work between UNK chief engineers and headquarters management . END
these headquarters engineers , headed by the vice-president -- engineering , counsel and advise UNK managers and chief engineers on product problems as well as aid with design ; ; END
and many are engineers who have been advanced from the divisions . END
these men are considered managers of engineers . END
they must learn to wear several hats , so to speak , working with management , sales and engineering problems related to the product . END
`` we do not have people in our organization termed ' consultants ' or ' fellows ' , who are specialists in one particular technical subject . END
i suppose it is because we are just not big enough . END
we have a few ' consultants ' -- retired engineers retained and called in on certain problems . END
the only ' fellows ' in our company are those who have been honored by UNK , UNK or UNK . END
i am sure that the engineer who enters management is nearly always opening the door to greater possibilities than he would have as a technical specialist -- because of his wider accountability '' . END
`` we have tried to make both paths attractive , so that good men could find opportunity and satisfaction in either . END
one way to UNK this is in the job structure . END
we have these positions , which compare directly : af END
`` above these jobs we have chief engineer for the company and vice-president of UNK , r & aj . END
the latter jobs include major management responsibilities and have been filled by those who have come up primarily through the UNK side . END
we have not yet succeeded in establishing recognition of technical specialization comparable to our higher levels of management , but i believe we will trend in this direction but not to exceed vice-president '' . END
top job : research scientist END
approximately four years ago , we initiated a dual ladder of advancement for technical persons . END
the highest position is known as a ' research scientist . END
this approach has not been entirely satisfactory . END
the primary deterrent appears to lie with the technical people themselves , and their concept of what constitutes status in present-day society . END
scientists who UNK hardest for technical recognition are often the most reluctant to accept it . END
we have discovered that the outward UNK such as private offices and private secretaries are extremely important ; ; END
and although we have attempted to provide these status symbols , support of the ' UNK ' plan has been UNK despite the creation of a salary potential for a research scientist commensurate with that of men in top managerial positions . END
`` a serious problem accompanying the UNK approach is the difficulty of clearly defining responsibilities and standards of performance for each level . END
with no set standards , there is the tendency to promote to the next highest level when the top of a salary band is reached regardless of performance . END
promotion is too often based on UNK and time in salary grade instead of merit . END
if no specific organization plan exists limiting the number of scientists at each salary level , the result is a department UNK with high-level , UNK personnel '' . END
`` we have two approaches for the technical man : the position of staff engineer , which is rated as high in salary as department manager ; ; END
and an administrative organization to take the routine load away from department managers and project engineers as much as possible , thus allowing them more time for strictly technical work . END
these are only halfway measures , and the answer will come when some way is found to allow the technical man in industry to progress without limit in salary and prestige '' . END
`` we have made limited application of the ' parallel ladder ' plan . END
the highest rated UNK engineering title is ' research engineer . END
the salary schedule permits UNK greater than the average paid to the first level of engineering supervision ( engineering section head ) . END
we also have an ' engineering section head -- research engineer ' classification which has salary possibilities equivalent to that of a research engineer . END
above this point there is no generally used parallel ladder . END
`` we also do a number of things to build up the prestige of the engineer as a ' professional ' and also to give public recognition to individual technical competence . END
these include encouragement of , and assistance to , the engineer in preparation and publication of technical papers . END
we have two media for UNK individual technical activity , a magazine widely distributed both within and without the company , and an information bulletin for engineering personnel distributed to the homes of all engineers . END
publicity is given to the award of patents to our engineers and financial support is provided for individual membership in technical societies . END
`` a recent , and more pertinent action , has been the establishment of a technical staff reporting to the vice-president for engineering . END
this function is UNK by engineers chosen for their technical competence and who have the title , member of the technical staff . END
salaries compare favorably with those paid to the first two or three levels of management . END
additional symbols of status are granted , such as reserved parking , distinctive badge passes authorizing special privileges , and a difference in the treatment of financial progress through merit . END
`` we presently are involved in UNK a new development center . END
operations of this nature offer the best opportunity to recognize scientific status . END
all scientific staff members will have the title , ' UNK member . END
the salary level of an individual within the group will reflect the scientific UNK acceptance of him as an authority in his scientific field . END
contrary to usual UNK evaluations , the position to which UNK members report UNK will not necessarily encompass the duties of the UNK member , therefore , are not necessarily evaluated as highly . END
`` these recent steps do not offer the possibility of extension to the great number of senior engineers who have displayed technical competence . END
it is doubtful that the complete solution to the over-all problem can result entirely from company efforts . END
fundamental to the difficulty of creating the desired prestige is the fact that , in the business community , prestige and status are conferred in proportion to the authority that one man has over others and the extent of which he participates in the management functions '' . END
sixty miles north of new york city where the wooded hills of UNK county meet the broad sweep of the hudson river there is a new home development called `` oakwood heights '' . END
as a matter of fact you could probably find a new home development in every populated county in the country with UNK ranch style cottages in the UNK range . END
but oakwood heights is unique in one particular . END
its oil for heating is metered monthly to each home from a line that starts at a central storage point . END
this is a pilot operation sponsored by a new entity chartered in delaware as the tri-state pipeline corporation , with principal offices in new york state . END
its president is UNK m. waters , partner in the law firm of UNK & waters , UNK UNK UNK , new york city . END
vice-president is louis UNK and the UNK is mark ritter . END
ritter is the builder of oakwood heights and president of UNK distributors , inc. , UNK , n.y. . END
the idea of a central tank with lines to each house is not in itself a novelty . END
not a year goes by but what several local companies in the u.s. and canada , even overseas , write to UNK & oil heat to inquire if it's feasible and where it is being done . END
its editors only knew of one example to point to , a public housing development of UNK homes in new haven described by john UNK in the march , 1950 issue . END
this has survived the years but there has been considerable concern among the tenants over the fact that the oil was not metered . END
rather the monthly total consumption was divided and charged on the basis of number of rooms and persons in the family . END
common complaints included `` mrs. murphy '' leaving her windows open all the time , a fresh air fan , or the family was visiting `` aunt UNK '' with the house shut up but they still paid the same rate for oil . END
as a result of that attitude , others have been discouraged from trying central distribution . END
a new low capacity meter is the key that UNK the situation at oakwood heights . END
called a `` UNK '' meter it was designed for this job by power plus industries of los angeles , a key individual being don nelson . END
tri-state has acquired its exclusive distribution for the northern , principal heating states . END
there's an advantage in having a firm like tri-state headed by a lawyer . END
the earlier new haven development was public housing , so it easily leaped over the problems met in a private venture . END
these have to do with property rights , municipal official attitudes and a host of others . END
in working out the practical legal conclusions president waters was not thinking only of this pilot project , for it is planned to duplicate this program or system in other builder developments nationally . END
it is always difficult , or at least UNK , to get approval of any kind of line under a public street , as one example . END
to overcome this , the builder lays and completes the street himself , then deeds it to the community while retaining a perpetual UNK for the oil lines . END
when a family buys a home the title is subject to a perpetual UNK to tri-state . END
for the central storage , tri-state buys one acre , UNK its tanks and simply holds permanent title to that piece . END
in other words , the whole storage and pipeline system does not belong to the UNK nor to the town but rather to tri-state . END
how does tri-state get its revenue from this plan ? ? END
it UNK the whole facility to a large oil company , at least large enough to have a strong credit position . END
this first test is being UNK for ten years but future projects will require at least 15 years . END
the amount paid by the oil company to tri-state for the use of its oil distribution system and the privilege of supplying all the homes , is subject to negotiation but naturally must be profitable to both parties . END
on this first venture the central storage is 20,000 gallons , in two tanks , or an average of 400 gallons for each of the 50 homes . END
the supplier delivers at his convenience in transport loads , so as to maintain UNK weeks reserve supply against weather contingencies . END
however , that is not all he has to do . END
he must undertake complete servicing of the UNK equipment to assure fine heating . END
in the present project the heating is by circulating hot water from UNK UNK units with UNK domestic hot water UNK . END
again , the oil man must read the meters at such intervals as he finds best . END
for this first development the supplier signing the lease is a major oil company but in turn the deal is being transferred for operation to its local UNK distributor . END
the major gets the assured UNK for the life of the lease and the distributor apparently can do well because delivery cost is low . END
the officers of the new corporation have naturally explored many angles , as well as personalities that might be affected . END
for example , the officials of UNK town ( township ) where the project is located think highly of it because it UNK their snow clearing problem . END
the central storage is near a main artery quite easy to reach with large transports on a short UNK swing , with fewer trucks in the residential streets . END
the public service commission has ruled that this is not a public utility , subject to their many regulations . END
several financial institutions , both banks and insurance companies , have been sounded out . END
they like it and would supply most of the capital because of the long term UNK by strong oil companies . END
the government housing agencies consider it feasible with one special UNK . END
there must be a restriction in the deed to provide that the customer may not be charged more than the current market price for the oil , an obvious precaution , since the account is permanently wedded , just like with gas or electricity . END
for a few details of the system the lines are UNK '' UNK , a product of republic steel corp. , and all lines are UNK . END
they are laid a minimum of UNK '' deep and in some areas four feet down , particularly under roads , to stay clear of all other piping such as water and sewers and to minimize shocks from heavy UNK . END
the meter is mounted high on the basement wall . END
its figures are a half inch high and very easy to read , even into tenth gallons . END
it will accommodate firing rates as low as a half gallon an hour . END
ritter , the builder , is convinced that the total cost of all the heating systems plus the oil distribution system is no greater than would be gas heating systems in the houses plus their lines and meters . END
he believes that this is a sound approach to gas competition in builder developments where gas is available . END
it would be pretty difficult to install a tri-state system in old neighborhoods , and that's an understatement . END
the job of getting property UNK and street UNK and the acre for the tanks would become pretty discouraging . END
but in a new development where everything starts from scratch the solutions are simple . END
what does tri-state actually want to do , now that it has the meters under franchise and certain phases of its piping system in the `` patent applied for '' stage ? ? END
it wants to interest builders and oil companies in the idea of including its facility in their new home projects , by financing and installing the storage , piping and meters , and UNK these for 15 years , with renewal UNK , to a strong oil company . END
it may also work in one other way -- by licensing its system patents and supplying the meters , letting the oil company or even the builder install the facilities . END
this whole development is certain to be of interest to the readers , for the idea has so often been mentioned , somewhat wistfully . END
but it's too early yet to go visit oakwood heights . END
only eight of the 50 houses were completed at the time of the editor's visit on june UNK ; ; END
the big tanks were at the site but still UNK themselves . END
a big mechanical UNK was running the UNK , and the town building inspector was paying a friendly , if curious , visit . END
the UNK industry is looking up , led by a revival of research and development . END
a primary ingredient in these fields is imagination , and tri-state pipeline corporation deserves a very good mark . END
every year about this time national UNK your cooling system week rolls around . END
it pays in the long ( hot ) run to take good care of the water works . END
do it this way for the summer UNK : END
first , drain that old coolant down the storm sewer . END
don't save the UNK , even if it the expensive `` permanent '' type . END
the word means it won't boil away easily , nothing else . END
the rust UNK in the fluid are used up after one year , and you don't want to risk the rust that two years' use could mean . END
if a lot of rust shows in the drain , use a good UNK cleaner . END
then fill the system and add a rust UNK . END
of course , you'll want to use the UNK water you can in your UNK . END
now , check for UNK in your UNK and hose connections , around the UNK UNK , UNK , water pump seals and heater UNK . END
next , run the engine and let it heat up so the thermostat opens , and then look for UNK again . END
be sure the bugs and dirt are blown out of the radiator fins . END
use the air hose for this job . END
check the temperature gage and be sure it is working . END
if you use one of the new year-round cooling system fluids such as `` UNK '' be sure to check it . END
dow says that the fluid can be used now for two years . END
check its UNK effectiveness before leaving it in during the summer . END
take precautions now , to be sure you avoid those unpleasant and costly heat UNK when the temperature UNK this summer . END
don't let your mechanics pull the UNK out of those UNK delivery trucks or installation rigs of yours . END
spring and summer may be here officially , but those UNK stay in . END
the fact is that removing and leaving out a thermostat from any water cooled vehicle , will greatly increase the fuel consumption , reduce power and contribute to spark plug UNK due to an accumulation of excessive carbon deposits on the UNK . END
if you run into excess plug UNK on one truck , check to be sure that the rig has a thermostat . END
the thermostat is important to get your engine up to operating temperature quickly , and to keep it running at its most efficient temperature through the proper circulation of the coolant . END
are you paying too much for your truck insurance ? ? END
there's a good chance you are doubling on some coverage , not taking discounts coming to you and not cutting some corners that can be cut . END
have a talk with your insurance agent . END
be careful that you keep adequate coverage , but look for places to save money . END
first go over the type of coverage you now have . END
look for these features which may mean you can save : END
avoid doubling up on the same item . END
for example , don't pay in a truck policy for medical coverage that you may be paying for in a health and accident policy . END
does your policy have a UNK clause ? ? END
this means that if your insured vehicle is laid up for more than 30 days , insurance can be suspended and a proportionate return of your premium made to you . END
this applies to repair work of winter storage . END
the figure five is important in insurance . END
with many company policies you get a fleet discount if you insure five or more rigs . END
this means either cars or trucks . END
discounts run up to 2% of cost . END
usually premium reductions can be obtained by applying UNK to your liability plan . END
for example : if your bodily injury claims start payment after the first $250 , a 25% premium saving is often made . END
in the period since the end of world war 2 , -- a period UNK with merchandising demands for the colorful , the unusual , and the original in signs and displays -- plastics have come on so strong that today they are the acknowledged leaders in the field . END
the importance of the sign industry to the plastics industry , however , is not in terms of volume alone . END
designers of signs and displays have shown a refreshing approach to the adaptation of plastics that has influenced the workings of other industries . END
many of today's developments in UNK stem from original work done with signs and displays ; ; END
the art of UNK in distortion was similarly perfected by the sign makers ; ; END
and the UNK decorating techniques now used for UNK , UNK , etc. , owes much to the field , as does the technology of designing with the UNK properties of the transparent plastics . END
there is much that many industries can continue to learn from some of the more recent developments described below . END
the concept of UNK ( as shown by the photo on p. UNK ) , as just one example , offers an entirely new approach to lighting problems -- no matter what industry is involved . END
according to a recent wall street journal survey , plastics units now account for more than 50% of all sign sales . END
five years ago , they had only 10% of the market , with the remainder firmly entrenched in the stronghold of neon tubing . END
and it's far from the end for plastics . END
industry sources are now UNK that 75% of the signs made during the 1960's will be of plastic construction . END
evidence of this trend can best be seen in the recent activities of such leading companies in the field as advance neon sign co. , los angeles , calif. . END
four years ago , the company's entire line was devoted to neon signs ; ; END
today , UNK is in plastics . END
from the volume standpoint , the total market represented by the sign industry is impressive . END
aggregate sales during 1960 reached approximately $500 million . END
currently , there are some UNK companies in the field , ranging from small firms with a handful of employees to major concerns having complete facilities for production of metal , electrical , and plastic components . END
why the trend to plastics ? ? END
what accounts for the rapid growth of plastics in the sign and display field ? ? END
out of many factors which might be cited , five are most important : 1 . END
plastics combine such properties as UNK color , light weight , optional UNK or UNK , resistance to corrosion , as well as the ease of fabrication . END
plastic signs are economical . END
according to one major producer , materials for a typical plastic sign are approximately 25% less costly than for a comparable neon unit . END
shipping cost is also reduced ; ; END
a UNK plastic sign weighs about 120 lb. , compared to UNK lb. for neon . END
the weight advantage , plus greater UNK of the plastic unit , yields a saving of about one-fifth in shipping . END
the lighter weight also means less costly supports and UNK are needed . END
finally , maintenance costs on plastic signs are much lower than on fragile neon signs . END
they offer exceptional design freedom , making it possible to UNK contours and details which give free range to the talents of the designer . END
UNK and UNK sheet plastics fill the gap between cardboard and molded plastics . END
UNK , low-cost molds , and the freedom to form large and small , thick and thin materials make plastics UNK for the industry . END
plastic signs work around the clock . END
internal illumination , protected from the elements , gives them powerful visual appeal at night ; ; END
during daylight hours their brilliant colors command attention and interest . END
advances in equipment and fabrication techniques give the sign or display manufacturer an extremely wide choice of production techniques , ranging from injection molding for intricate , UNK , UNK signs ( generally 5000 units is the minimum ) to vacuum and pressure forming for larger signs of limited runs . END
among the newest fabrication methods to enter the display field are expandable styrene molding and blow molding . END
what plastics to use ? ? END
for outdoor signs and displays , acrylic , with its outstanding optical characteristics , weather resistance and UNK , strongly dominates the picture . END
at present , both the familiar cast acrylic and the newer extruded sheets are being used by sign manufacturers , with extruded now representing an estimated 10% of the total . END
( see panel , p. UNK , for a comparison . END
of interest is a recent announcement by du pont's UNK dept. of a new UNK UNK UNK designated as UNK h 100 , which was developed specifically for production of cast acrylic sheets for the sign and lighting industry . END
UNK cast from this material reportedly weighs only one-third as much as glass , is UNK to all kinds of weather , and will not yellow . END
its high impact strength , even at low temperatures , UNK chipping , cracking , and UNK , according to du pont . END
cellulose acetate butyrate is used extensively for UNK signs , background panels , and molded or formed letters because of its exceptional toughness , ease of forming , and excellent UNK properties . END
its clarity and good optical properties are other important factors . END
new to the field is a UNK type butyrate UNK in which the two sheets of the UNK are of different color . END
UNK the UNK and then UNK away the top layer is a quick and economical way to produce a UNK sign . END
( see UNK , UNK 1961 , p. UNK ) . END
for specialized types of displays , such as large three-dimensional units UNK a product , package , human or animal figures , etc. , reinforced plastics and UNK molded vinyl UNK are other materials frequently used . END
a relative newcomer in outdoor signs is UNK polyester film , now used as a printed UNK for trans-illuminated signs ( see below ) . END
for outdoor signs and displays , where the problem of UNK resistance is no longer a factor , the choice of plastics is almost unlimited . END
here may be found regular and impact styrene , cellulose acetate , cellulose butyrate and cellulose UNK , acrylic , vinyl , expandable styrene foam , and polyethylene . END
the final choice of material depends upon such factors as costs , method of fabrication , degree of complexity , number of units required , time available for tooling , and projected life expectancy of the unit . END
often , the finished sign or display UNK several types of plastics and two or more UNK techniques . END
one of the most significant UNK in design of plastics signs is the so-called trans-illuminated UNK , now being produced by several large sign manufacturers such as advance neon sign co. , los angeles , and industrial electric inc. , new orleans , la. . END
the essential difference between the new trans-illuminated boards and existing UNK is that the former , constructed of UNK plastic panels , are lighted from within . END
with the source of light behind the copy , there is no loss of UNK output , as with conventional boards illuminated by means of reflected light . END
also , the light sources are shielded from dirt and weather exposure and cannot obstruct the view of the sign . END
the copy itself , including any text or illustrations , is reproduced in full color directly on a thin UNK polyester film by a photo screen process . END
the film has an adhesive on the back which permits it to be stripped onto the acrylic panels forming the sign , and also to be stripped off for replacement by new copy as required . END
spare sets of face panels simplify the change from one copy or message to another ; ; END
new panels are exchanged for the old right in the field on a single trip . END
panels with UNK copy are returned to the sign shop so a new message can be applied . END
signs of this type have already made their appearance in several larger cities , and others are on the way . END
it is believed that these boards will , within the next few years , replace many of the conventional UNK boards now in use . END
trans-illuminated signs also show versatility in other directions . END
as used by industrial electric inc. , the film panels are printed one at a time , as are UNK posters . END
thus the film can be applied to UNK UNK plastics faces ; ; END
they can also be applied to opaque panels for use on UNK , or they can be applied directly to painted bulletin faces . END
in this way , the sign maker has an economical means for displaying uniform copy on different sign media . END
recently industrial electric UNK another new development made possible by modern plastic materials -- a revolving spectacular sign . END
comprised of 16 triangular trans-illuminated plastic sections , it makes it possible to combine three different signs in a single unit . END
the UNK automatically UNK in a cycle which permits 9 UNK of viewing time for each poster subject . END
sixteen panels , each slightly more than 1-1/2 ft. wide , make up the UNK length of the sign . END
changeable letters fill many needs END
perhaps the best way to indicate the versatility of design that characterizes the use of plastics in signs and displays would be to look at what is happening in only one of the areas in this complex field -- changeable signs . END
signs are meant to convey a message , and in most cases , this requires words and letters . END
frequently , the message must be changed at intervals to feature new products , price changes , etc. . END
the huge market for changeable signs has spurred a universal demand for individual plastic letters , in all shapes and sizes -- and a number of companies are set up to supply them . END
here are some of the newer items currently available : END
poster products inc. , chicago , ill. : a changeable copy and display sign which consists of an extruded impact styrene background in choice of colors , onto which are mounted UNK letters , figures , or words UNK on acetate or other types of sheet stock . END
the background , which is available in various widths and continuous lengths , is extruded with parallel UNK UNK which grip the flexible letters securely . END
the UNK co. , beaverton , UNK : letters molded of butyrate , available in several sizes in either red or black . END
ideal for merchandising use , they are UNK , and have mounting UNK on the back which fit into openings in a UNK UNK background panel . END
for large letters , e.g. UNK of acrylic or butyrate , there are other techniques . END
for example , in a typical store installation , fifty UNK and six UNK red acrylic letters were mounted against a white painted wood background . END
the fact that even the larger letters weighed only 5 lb. each made it possible to secure the letters to the building through clear acrylic angle UNK cemented to the letters . END
UNK steel screws were used to minimize corrosion stains . END
for mounting to corrugated plastic backgrounds , very small holes may be drilled in the sides of the letters and UNK steel wire threaded through the openings , its ends twisted behind the panels . END
large UNK letters are also available for sign installations . END
wagner sign service inc. , chicago , for example , supplies them in several colors , in heights of 4 , 6 , 8 , 10 , and 17 inches . END
they are molded of a special UNK formulation of UNK butyrate . END
also available from this company are UNK UNK , extruded of transparent acrylic material , which may be cemented to any corrugated acrylic background material . END
made in lengths from 3 to 10 ft. , the bars are shaped in cross section to provide a secure fit for the tapered slots molded in back of the letters . END
still another approach to the changeable letter type of sign is a modular unit introduced by UNK products , UNK , calif. . END
this vacuum formed sign is comprised of UNK ( or smaller ) panels formed of UNK clear butyrate sheet stock , masked and sprayed on the rear side . END
finished signs are produced by sliding the separate letter panels into channels of UNK aluminum , which may be mounted to various surfaces . END
the sheets are extruded of UNK butyrate by jet specialties co. , los angeles , calif. . END
on UNK units , where additional structural requirements are imposed , one recent approach utilizes modular extruded or formed channels ( e.g. UNK UNK ) of the acrylic or butyrate . END
joined side by side , such channels make possible construction of continuous UNK luminous areas up to 50 ft. high and of unlimited width . END
letters may be wired to the face of the combined channels , painted on the first surface , or handled in other ways . END
new rule no. 2 : : END
don't build from the outside in -- try to build from the inside out END
don't insert your components into fixed openings , they may or may not fit ; ; END
position your components before you close them in . END
don't wall in your kitchen before you hang the wall cabinets and set the appliances . END
it's a lot quicker and easier to dimension the kitchen to fit the cabinets and erect the end wall after they are all in place . END
set your bathtub before you close in the end of the bathroom . END
don't try to UNK a UNK tub af through a narrow doorway . END
finish your plumbing before you frame it in ( most economical framing is a thin UNK partition on either side of the pipes ) . END
finish installing and connecting up your furnace and your water heater before you wall them in . END
there is no better way to waste time than trying to install a furnace in a finished af closet . END
don't position your UNK before you insert your windows in conventional construction ; ; END
that way you may pay more to UNK the window into place than you paid for the window . END
you can save all that UNK time if you set your windows in one , two , three order -- first the stud on one side , then the window , then the stud on the other side . END
install your disappearing UNK ( or stairs ) to the attic and finish your overhead ducts before you drywall the ceiling . END
don't close in your house until everything has been carried in . END
last wall bob UNK UNK is the wall between the house and garage . END
that way he can truck his parts right indoors and unload them under the roof . END
no auto maker would dream of putting the head on the engine before he fitted the UNK in the block . END
and trailer makers , those most industrialized and therefore most efficient of UNK , say they save hundreds of dollars by always building from the inside out . END
new rule no. 3 : UNK everything to get all the big savings the revolution in materials handling offers you END
this revolution is the biggest UNK news of all , because : 1 . END
it makes it easy to handle much heavier units , so you can plan to build with much bigger and heavier UNK components like those shown in the pictures alongside . END
it makes materials handling the only construction cost that ( like UNK and UNK ) should be lower today than in 1929 . END
it changes the answers to `` who should do what , and where '' ? ? END
it UNK the need for costly UNK fabrication and increases the chance for shop fabrication , where almost everything can be made better and cheaper . END
it changes the answers on when to do what at the site . END
for example , instead of putting in your UNK last ( as many builders do ) you can now save money by putting them in first . END
instead of closing the house in first ( as most builders do ) you can now cut your costs by not closing it in until you have to ( see p UNK ) . END
it changes the answers on UNK relations . END
not so long ago many builders were finding they could cut their costs by `` buying direct '' and UNK the dealer . END
but now many of these same builders are finding they can cut their costs more by UNK up with a dealer who has volume enough to afford the most efficient specialized equipment to deliver everything just where it is needed -- drywall inside the house , siding along the sides , UNK on the walls , UNK on the roof , etc. . END
says clarence thompson : `` we dealers must earn our UNK by performing a service for the builder cheaper than he could do it himself '' . END
the revolution now under way in materials handling makes this much easier . END
the revolution is well under way , but much more remains to be done END
five years ago a house & home round table UNK by the lumber UNK research council reported unhappily : END
`` only one lumber dealer in ten is equipped to handle unit loads ; ; END
only one box car in eight has the wide doors needed for unit loads ; ; END
only one producer in a hundred is equipped to package and ship unit loads ; ; END
only one builder in a thousand is equipped to receive unit loads . END
`` so from raw materials to finished erection the costs of materials handling ( most of it inefficient ) add up to one-fourth of the total construction cost of housing '' . END
`` that house & home round table was the real starting point for today's revolution in materials handling '' , says clarence thompson , long chairman of the lumber UNK research council . END
`` it made our whole industry recognize the need for a new kind of UNK between manufacturer , carrier , equipment maker , dealer , and builder , all working together to cut the cost of materials handling . END
before that we lumber dealers were working almost UNK on the problem '' . END
here is where things stand today : END
almost all of the 3,000 lumber dealers who cater primarily to the UNK market and supply 90% of this year's new houses are mechanized . END
there are few areas left where a builder cannot find a dealer equipped to save him money by delivering everything at lower cost just where his workmen will need it . END
practically all bulky housing products can now be ordered in standard units UNK or unitized for mechanical handling -- including lumber , UNK shingles , glass block , face brick , plaster , lime , UNK , UNK UNK and UNK , cement , insulation UNK , floor tile , UNK tile , plaster base , and UNK shingles . END
truck and UNK equipment makers now offer specialized units to meet almost every UNK need . END
for some significant new items see the pictures . END
more than 50% of all lumber is unitized ; ; END
an UNK survey found that at least UNK lumber mills will UNK their shipments for mechanized handling . END
of these , UNK said they make no extra charge for UNK in standard units , because they save enough on mechanized UNK to offset their UNK cost . END
most of the others will swallow their UNK to UNK charge rather than lose a good customer . END
`` with a UNK UNK , dealers can unload unitized lumber from UNK box cars for UNK compared with UNK or more to unload loose lumber one piece at a time '' , says james wright of aj . END
lumber dealers and lumber manufacturers have agreed on a standard unit for unitized shipments -- UNK '' wide by a nominal UNK '' high ( or six UNK UNK UNK '' wide by nominal UNK '' high ) . END
these units make it easy to load as much as UNK UNK ( say UNK lb in a UNK box car ) much more than the average for UNK cars . END
the railroads have responded by adding 20,000 more box cars with doors UNK or wider for UNK unloading ( a UNK increase while the total number of box cars was falling UNK ) and by cutting their freight rates twice on lumber shipped in heavily loaded cars . END
first was a 1958 cut of more than 50% on that portion of the load in excess of 40,000 lb ; ; END
later came a 1961 cut on the west coast ( still pending elsewhere ) of UNK on 70,000 UNK UNK ( which works out to more than UNK on that portion of the load in excess of 70,000 lb . END
more unitized lumber is being shipped on flat cars , and UNK studies show that flat cars loaded with the new type UNK UNK method can be unloaded for as little as UNK . END
for long UNK these shipments should be protected with UNK paper . END
this costs from UNK to UNK , but the cover can pay off if the lumber is to be stored in the open . END
these carriers cut handling costs for the dealer -- and the builder END
says UNK james wright : `` since 1958 carriers that move material from the yard to the job site have undergone more radical changes than any of the UNK other equipment '' . END
the reason : today's components and lumber packages are far too bulky to be handled by a UNK and a helper . END
so manufacturers have UNK a new type of vehicle -- the self-unloading carrier . END
it cuts the lumber UNK cost because it takes only one man -- the driver -- to unload it , and because it UNK in a fraction of the time and at a fraction of the cost of hand unloading . END
and it helps the builder because it can handle a more efficiently packaged load , can deliver it to the best spot ( in some cases , right on the roof or inside the house ) , and never takes any of the UNK high-priced labor to help unload it . END
says wright : `` our survey shows that one third of the retail dealers plan to increase the mechanization of their materials handling in the coming two years . END
and most of the gain will be in self-unloading vehicles '' . END
new rule no. 4 : : END
UNK what your men do , to help them waste less of the time you pay for END
half the UNK you pay for on most jobs are wasted because the job was not planned right , so the right tools were not handy at the right place at the right time , or the right materials were not delivered to the UNK spots or materials were not stacked in the right order for erection , or you bought cheap materials that took too long to fit , or your workmen had to come back twice to finish a job they could have done on one trip . END
even `` america's most efficient builder '' , bob UNK of UNK , hopes to cut his labor costs another $2,000 per house as a result of the UNK studies now being completed on his operation by industrial efficiency engineers from the stanley works . END
already this study has suggested ways to cut his foundation UNK from UNK to UNK by eliminating idle time and wasted motion . END
builder eddie UNK of washington , past president of UNK , cut his UNK costs $150 a house by adopting the `` UNK masonry process '' worked out after careful UNK studies by the structural clay products research foundation to help UNK do better work for less . END
a midwestern builder cut his labor costs per thousand bricks from UNK to UNK by adopting this same process , cut them another UNK to UNK by buying his bricks in convenient , UNK UNK packages . END
the UNK process , with its precision UNK , its precision guide lines , its working level scaffold , and its UNK brick supply takes eight UNK to get set , but once ready it makes it easy for UNK to lay a thousand bricks a day . END
one good way to cut your labor waste is to make sure you are using just the right number of men in each crew . END
reports jim UNK : `` by studying men on the job , we found that two men -- a carpenter and a helper -- can lay a floor faster than three . END
we found that three men -- two UNK and a helper -- can put up wall panels or UNK more economically than four men -- because four men don't make two teams ; ; END
they make one inefficient UNK team . END
we found that wherever you can use two teams on a job , five men , not four , is the magic number '' . END
no house was ever built that could not have been built better for less if the work had been better planned and the work better scheduled . END
new rule no. 5 : : END
don't waste any UNK time on green lumber to save $.03 a stud END
this is the most UNK , UNK chisel a builder can commit . END
green lumber was all very well back in the days of wet plaster , when the framing lumber was bound to swell and then shrink as tons of water dried out the UNK . END
but now that all production builders build with drywall and all smart builders build with panels , green lumber is an UNK you cannot afford . END
green UNK cost about UNK ; ; END
dry UNK cost less than $.03 more . END
so if a green stud makes a carpenter or a drywall UNK or anybody else waste even 20 seconds , the green stud becomes more expensive than a dry stud . END
there comes a time in the lives of most of us when we want to be alone . END
not necessarily to be off all by ourselves , but away from the crowds and common UNK . END
if you've travelled in europe a time or two , it is quite certain that you've had that UNK feeling or that you will get it on your next visit across the atlantic . END
following a guide , and UNK so , is an excellent way to see all the important places when everything is strange and new . END
however , after you've seen all the historical UNK and UNK , the places and UNK , the churches and museums , the palaces and castles , and begin to feel at home in the capitals of europe , you'll want to change your course and follow the UNK at will , far from the market places . END
the champagne at UNK , the traditional capital of the champagne country , has more UNK taste somehow than it has at a sidewalk cafe on the rue de la UNK or at tour UNK . END
you can UNK history and follow , in fancy , the UNK in their quest for the holy UNK as they sail out from UNK , an ancient town in the heel of UNK boot . END
and you don't meet the folks from home in northwest spain which has remained almost untouched by time and tourists since the middle ages . END
time stands still as you climb the narrow , stone UNK in tiny villages clinging to steep mountain slopes or wander through UNK towns , perched atop lofty UNK , their faces turned to the sea . END
they've been there since the days of the UNK and the UNK . END
and what better way to end a day than by dining with artists and UNK in a squat but charming UNK village on the mediterranean ? ? END
an almost UNK way to set forth on such adventures is just to put yourself behind the wheel of a car and head for the open road . END
for those who need or want and can afford another car , buying one and driving it on the grand tour , then shipping it home , is one popular plan for a do-it-yourself pilgrimage . END
then , of course , there are those of us who either do not want or need or cannot afford another car . END
the answer to this UNK is to pick up a telephone and arrange to rent one . END
it is that elemental . END
almost any travel agent will reserve a car for you . END
you can call one of the car rental services directly ( UNK , UNK , UNK UNK rental , and others ) and ask them to reserve a car of your choice , and some transportation lines offer this service as well . END
with few exceptions , your car will be waiting for you at UNK , airport , railroad station or hotel when you arrive , UNK at no additional cost . END
you can wait , of course , until you arrive in europe before renting your car . END
the disadvantages to this method are that you may not have as great a choice of models readily available or you may have to wait a few days or , during the busy tourist season , when cars are in great demand , you might find it fairly difficult to get a car at all . END
since charges are relatively the same , reserving a car before you leave for europe will assure you of having one on tap when you want it . END
for those who plan to travel to europe by one route and return by another some agencies offer a service whereby you can pick up a car in one city on arrival and leave it in another city , or even another country , when you are ready to return home . END
at some cities , this UNK and delivery service is without additional charge , and , if you are UNK , when you are planning your UNK , you will take advantage of these free delivery and collection stations in major cities within the larger european countries . END
international touring documents are usually provided with the car as are road maps and touring data . END
a valid american driving license is accepted in all countries except portugal , spain , yugoslavia and eastern europe . END
if you plan to visit any of these countries , you can obtain your international driving permit before you leave at a nominal fee -- around UNK . END
your insurance , too , with most agencies , is provided with the car , covering comprehensive fire , theft , liability and collision with a deductible clause which varies in different countries . END
if you would feel happier with full collision insurance , there is a small additional charge , again varying from country to country and depending on the term of such insurance . END
the average charge for this additional insurance coverage is roughly UNK a day . END
the charge is variable , however , and goes as low as UNK a day in ireland and as high as UNK a day in greece . END
rental fees are variable , too , throughout the countries of europe . END
there are as many rates as there are countries and models of cars available . END
as in the united states , there is a flat UNK rental charge plus a few cents per kilometer driven , and the UNK rate drops if the car is retained for a week . END
it drops again after fifteen and/or twenty-one days . END
it is well to bear in mind that gasoline will cost from UNK to UNK for the equivalent of a united states gallon and while you might prefer a familiar ford , chevrolet or even a cadillac , which are available in some countries , it is probably wiser to choose the smaller european makes which average thirty , thirty-five and even forty miles to the gallon . END
your choice of model will undoubtedly be governed by the number of people travelling in your group . END
with the exception of the sports cars , even the quite tiny sedans will seat four passengers if you are willing to sacrifice comfort and luggage space for really economical transportation . END
there is a large variety of models to choose from in most countries , however , including UNK sedans and station wagons and the rental fee isn't all that much greater than for the wee sedans . END
the basic costs are generally pretty much the same regardless of the agency through which you reserve your car , but some of them offer supplementary advantages . END
there is the free UNK `` rent it here , leave it there '' service , as an example , the free delivery and collection at the airport , UNK or your hotel , luggage UNK , touring documents and information and other similar services . END
a little investigation by telephone or reading the travel ads in the newspapers and magazines will give you these pertinent details on the additional UNK benefits . END
the investigation will be well worth your time . END
all model cars are not available in all countries . END
quite naturally , there is a greater availability of those models which are manufactured within a specific country . END
if you would like to start your tour in italy , where the rental fees are actually the lowest in europe , UNK in all sizes are available , as are UNK UNK UNK models . END
if you wish to budget closely on transportation , saving your extra dollars to indulge in UNK , one agency lists the small fiat 500 at only UNK a day plus $.03 a kilometer and the fiat UNK station wagon , seating six , at just UNK a day and UNK a kilometer . END
if you will be using your car more than fifteen days , which isn't all unlikely , the daily rates drop quite sharply to UNK a day for the fiat 500 and to an UNK UNK a day for the fiat UNK station wagon . END
with six in the group , the cost comes to just a nickel a day per person on the daily fee . END
in the majority of countries , however , the rates range from UNK to UNK a day for the smaller sedans and graduate up to UNK and UNK a day for the larger , luxury european models , with the rate per kilometer driven starting at $.03 and going up as high as UNK . END
the same model car might be available in six or eight countries , yet not two countries will have the same rate either for the daily rate or rate per kilometer driven . END
the variations are not too great . END
rates for american cars are somewhat higher , ranging from about UNK a day up to UNK a day for a chevrolet convertible , but the rate per kilometer driven is roughly the same as for the larger european models . END
rates in greece and UNK are fairly high , actually the highest in europe , and , surprisingly enough , they are also quite high in ireland . END
if you are planning to tour europe for longer than a month , it might be wise for you to lease a car . END
the actual over-all cost , for the first month , will perhaps not be too much lower than the rental charges for the same period of time , but you will receive a new car . END
you will be entitled to all the advantages of a new car owner , which includes the factory guarantee and the services valid at authorized dealers throughout europe . END
further , there is no mileage charge or mileage limitations when you lease a car , and you pay only the flat monthly rate plus a nominal charge for documents and insurance since the car is registered and insured individually for your trip . END
there is a fairly wide selection of models of english , german and french manufacture from which you can choose from the very small austin 7 , UNK 2 UNK , UNK , UNK to the UNK UNK UNK . END
UNK a car is not as common or as popular as renting a car in europe , but for long periods it will be unquestionably more economical and satisfactory . END
after the first month , rates are considerably less , averaging only about $60 a month for most UNK and UNK models . END
there are reasons for some people not wanting to rent cars and going on the do-it-yourself plan . END
for one thing , the driver usually sees less and has less fun than his passengers since it becomes pretty necessary for him to keep at least one eye on the road . END
then , too , european drivers have UNK for being somewhat crazy on the road and some americans are not particularly keen on getting mixed up with them . END
still there is a way for those who want to see some of the back country of europe by car . END
the way is to rent a UNK car . END
it isn't as expensive as most people believe it to be . END
your UNK expenses will average between UNK to UNK a day , but this charge is the same whether you rent a UNK cadillac limousine or a UNK UNK or fiat UNK . END
the big spread is in the charge for each kilometer driven , being governed by the rate at which gasoline is consumed . END
since most european cars average more miles per gallon of gasoline than american cars , it naturally follows that the cost per kilometer for these models will be less , but the greater seating capacity of the large american cars will UNK this , provided your group is sufficiently large to fill a UNK limousine . END
the fees for the rental of UNK cars vary in the different countries in the same manner as they do for the UNK cars . END
however , whether you arrange to have a european or american model , if you rent a car with the proper seating capacity in relation to the number of people in your party , your transportation expense will average very close to UNK per day per passenger . END
this will include your helpful , UNK chauffeur and a drive of an average of 150 UNK in any one day . END
if you drive greater distances than that , you'll just be skimming the surface and will never discover the UNK , fascination and beauty which UNK you in the first place to explore the UNK . END
of course , if you want to throw all caution to the winds and rent an imperial or cadillac limousine just for you and your bride , you'll have a memorable tour , but it won't be cheap , and it is not recommended unless you own a producing oil well or you've had a winner in the irish UNK . END
in american romance , almost nothing rates higher than what the movie men have called `` meeting cute '' -- that is , UNK seems more UNK if it doesn't take place in an atmosphere of correct and acute boredom . END
just about the most UNK UNK example of meeting cute is the charles UNK hayes saga : reputedly all he did was give her a handful of peanuts , but he said simultaneously , `` i wish they were emeralds '' . END
aside from the UNK content here , a good UNK could readily pick up a few other facts , especially if he had a little more of the conversation to go on . END
the way UNK said his line -- if you had the recorded transcript of a professional linguist -- would probably have gone like this : af primary stresses on emeralds and wish ; ; END
note pitch 3 ( pretty high ) on emeralds but with a slight degree of UNK , one degree of UNK . END
conclusions : the people involved ( and subsequent facts bear me out here ) knew clearly the relative values of peanuts and emeralds , both monetary and sentimental . END
and the UNK , UNK voice of UNK , though fairly overt , was still well within the prescribed UNK of their culture . END
in other words , like automation machines designed to work in UNK , they shared the same programming , a mutual understanding not only of english words , but of the four stresses , pitches , and UNK that can change their meaning from black to white . END
at this point , unfortunately , romance becomes a UNK small part of the picture ; ; END
but consider , if you can bear it , what might have happened if UNK , for some perverse , UNK reason , had made the same remark to an UNK girl in UNK . END
to her peanuts and emeralds would have been just so much UNK . END
the point -- quite simply -- is this : words they might have had ; ; END
but communication , no . END
this basic principle , the first in a richly knotted bundle , was conveyed to me by dr. henry lee smith , jr. , at the university of buffalo , where he heads the world's first department of anthropology and linguistics . END
a brisk , amusing man , apparently constructed on an ingenious system of UNK UNK to the same UNK rhythm as his mind , smith began his academic career teaching speech to barnard girls -- a project considerably UNK by his devotion to a recording about `` a young rat named arthur , who never could make up his mind '' . END
later , he became one of the central spirits of the army language program and the language school of washington's foreign service institute . END
it was there , in the course of trying to prepare new men for the `` culture shock '' they might encounter in remote overseas posts , that he first began to develop a system of charting the `` norms of human communication '' . END
to the trained ear of the linguist , talk has always revealed a staggering quantity of information about the UNK -- such things as geographical origin and/or history , UNK identity , education . END
it is only fairly recently , however , that linguists have developed a systematic way of charting voices on paper in a way that tells even more about the speakers and about the success or failure of human communication between two people . END
this , for obvious reasons , makes their techniques superbly useful in studying the psychiatric interview , so useful , in fact , that they have been successfully used to suggest ways to speed diagnosis and to evaluate the progress of therapy . END
in the early 1950's , smith , together with his distinguished colleague , george UNK ( so UNK academic he sometimes fights his own evident charm ) , and a third man with the engaging name of UNK ( ray ) , agreed on some basic premises about the three-part process that makes communication : ( 1 ) words or language ( 2 ) UNK , a set of phenomena including laughing , weeping , voice breaks , and `` tone '' of voice , and ( 3 ) UNK , the technical name for gestures , UNK expressions , and body shifts -- nodding or shaking the head , `` talking '' with one's hands , et cetera . END
smith's first workout with stresses , pitches , and UNK was based on mother , which UNK , in our culture , a good deal more than bread alone . END
for example , if you are a reasonably UNK person , there are certain ways that are reasonable and appropriate for addressing your mother . END
the usual u.s. norm would be : af middle pitches , slight pause ( juncture ) before mother , slight rise at the end . END
the symbols of mother's status , here , are all usual for culture u.s.a. . END
quite other feelings are evidenced by this style : af note the drop to pitch 1 ( the lowest ) on mother with no rise at the end of the sentence ; ; END
this is a `` UNK '' ending , and what you have here is a UNK style of speech , expressing something less than conventional respect for mother . END
even less regard for UNK and UNK apple pie goes with : af in other words , the way the speaker relates to mother is clearly indicated . END
and while the meaning of the words is not in this instance altered , the quality of communication in both the second and third examples is definitely impaired . END
an accompanying record of UNK factors for the second example might also note a UNK UNK . END
with this UNK sentence -- though the speaker undoubtedly thought he was dealing only with the subject of food -- he was telling things about himself and , in the last two examples , revealing that he had departed from the customs of his culture . END
the joint investigations of linguistics and UNK have established , in point of fact , that no matter what the subject of conversation is or what words are involved , it is impossible for people to talk at all without telling over and over again what sort of people they are and how they relate to the rest of the world . END
since interviewing is the basic therapeutic and diagnostic instrument of modern UNK , the recording of interviews for UNK and study has been a boost of UNK proportions in new research and training . END
some of the earliest recordings , made in the UNK demonstrated that psychiatrists reacted immediately to anger and anxiety in the sound track , whereas written records of the same interview offered far fewer UNK to therapy which -- if they were at all discernible in print -- were picked up only by the most skilled and sensitive experts . END
in a general way , psychiatrists were able to establish on a wide basis what many of them had always felt -- that the most telling UNK in psychotherapy are UNK , that such things as stress and nagging are transmitted by sound alone and not necessarily by words . END
at a minimum , recording -- usually on tape , which is now in wide professional use -- brings the psychiatric interview alive so that the full range of emotion and meaning can be explored repeatedly by the therapist or by a battery of UNK . END
newest to this UNK battery are the experts in linguistics who have carried that minimum to a new level . END
by adding a systematic analysis with symbols to the UNK UNK of interviews , they have supplied a new set of techniques for the therapist . END
linguistic charting of the UNK interview flags points where the patient's voice UNK from expected norms . END
it flags such possible UNK of communication as rehearsed dialogue , the note of disapproval , ambivalence or ambiguity , annoyance , resentment , and the UNK to speak at all -- this last often marked by a UNK beginning of sentences . END
interpretation , naturally , remains the role of the therapist , but orientation -- not only the patient's vocal UNK of geographical and UNK background , but also vocal but UNK UNK of danger spots in his relationship to people -- can be considerably UNK up by the linguist . END
his esoteric UNK of the voice alert the therapist to areas where deeper probing may bring to light underlying psychological difficulties , making them apparent first to the therapist and eventually to the patient . END
in one UNK first interview , for example , the transcript ( reproduced from the book , the first five minutes ) goes like this : the UNK level tone is UNK and neutral -- he has , for example , avoided stressing `` you '' , which would imply disapproval ; ; END
or surprise , which would set the patient apart from other people . END
the patient , on the other hand , is far from neutral ; ; END
aside from her specifically regional accent , she reveals by the use of the UNK , `` irritable , tense , depressed '' , a certain UNK UNK that indicates she has some familiarity with literary or scientific language ( i.e. , she must have had at least a high-school education ) , and she is telling a story she has mentally rehearsed some time before . END
then she UNK into `` everything and everybody '' , putting particular violence on `` everybody '' , indicating to the linguist that this is a spot to flag -- that is , it is not UNK to the patient's general style of speech up to this point . END
consequently , it is referred to the therapist for attention . END
he may then very well conclude that `` everybody '' is probably not the true target of her resentment . END
immediately thereafter , the patient UNK her rehearsed story , UNK into an UNK , UNK , UNK UNK , `` i don't feel like talking right now '' . END
within the first five minutes of this interview it is apparent to the therapist that `` everybody '' truthfully refers to the woman's husband . END
she says later , but still within the opening five minutes , `` i keep thinking of a divorce but that's another emotional death '' . END
the linguistic and UNK signals of misery are all present in the voice chart for this sentence ; ; END
so are certain signals that she does not accept divorce . END
by saying `` another emotional death '' , she reveals that there has been a previous one , although she has not described it in words . END
this the therapist may pursue in later questioning . END
the phrase , `` emotional death '' , interesting and , to a UNK mind , rather touching , suggests that this woman may have some flair for words , perhaps even something of the temperament UNK called `` creative '' . END
since the psychiatric interview , like any other interview , depends on communication , it is significant to note that the therapist in this interview was a man of marked skill and long experience . END
his own communication apparatus operated superbly , and lillian ross readers will note instantly its total lack of resemblance to the UNK , UNK UNK mechanism of dr. UNK . END
UNK enough -- although none of the UNK UNK involved could conceivably compare with UNK -- when groups of them began playing back interviews , they discovered any number of ways in which they wanted to polish their own interview techniques ; ; END
almost everyone , on first hearing one of his own sessions on tape , expressed some desire to take the whole thing over again . END
yet , in spite of this , intensive study of the UNK interviews by teams of UNK and linguists laid bare the surprising fact that , in the first five minutes of an initial interview , the patient often reveals as many as a dozen times just what's wrong with him ; ; END
to spot these UNK the therapist must know either UNK or scientifically how to listen . END
naturally , the patient does not say , `` i hate my father '' , or `` UNK rivalry is what bugs me '' . END
what he does do is give himself away by communicating information over and above the words involved . END
some of the classic indicators , as described by drs. UNK , UNK , and UNK in the first five minutes , are these : ambiguity of pronouns : END
UNK or repetition of i , you , he , she , et cetera may signal ambiguity or uncertainty . END
on the other hand significant facts may be concealed -- she may mean i or everybody , as it did with the tense and irritable woman mentioned before , may refer to a specific person . END
the word that is not used can be as important as the word that is used ; ; END
therapist and/or linguist must always consider the alternatives . END
when someone says , for example , `` they took x-rays to see that there was nothing wrong with me '' , it pays to consider how this statement would normally be made . END
( this patient , in actuality , was a UNK who had almost come to the point of accepting the fact that it was not her UNK but her psyche that was the cause of her difficulty . END
) amateur linguists note here that UNK , in UNK alexandria quartet , stammered when he spoke of his wife , which is hardly surprising in view of their disastrous relationship . END
she was just another freighter from the states , and she seemed as commonplace as her name . END
she was the john harvey , one of those atlantic UNK that had sailed to bari to bring beans , bombs , and bullets to the u.s. fifteenth air force , to field marshal UNK eighth army then racing up the calf of the boot of italy in that early december of 1943 . END
the john harvey arrived in bari , a port on the UNK , on november 28th , making for UNK UNK , which , as the name indicates , was the ancient city's new and modern harbor . END
hardly anyone ashore marked her as she anchored UNK off berth 29 on the mole . END
if anyone thought of the john harvey , it was to observe that she was UNK by a pair of ships heavily laden with high explosive and if they were hit the john harvey would likely be blown up with her own ammo and whatever else it was that she carried . END
which was poison gas . END
it had required the approval of president franklin UNK roosevelt before the john harvey could be loaded with 100 tons of mustard gas and UNK to the italian UNK . END
for in a world as yet UNK with the horrors of the UNK cloud , poison gas was still regarded as the ultimate in hideous weapons . END
throughout the early years of world war 2 , , reports persisted that the axis powers had used gas -- germany in russia , japan in china again . END
they were always denied . END
influential people in america were warning the pentagon to be prepared against desperation gas attacks by the germans in future campaigns . END
some extremists went so far as to urge our using it first . END
to silence extremists , to warn the axis , president roosevelt issued this statement for the allies in august : END
`` from time to time since the present war began there have been reports that one or more of the axis powers were seriously contemplating use of poisonous gas or UNK gases or other inhumane devices of warfare . END
i have been UNK to believe that any nation , even our present enemies , could or would be willing to loose upon mankind such terrible and inhumane weapons . END
`` however , evidence that the axis powers are making significant preparations indicative of such an intention is being reported with increasing frequency from a variety of sources . END
`` use of such weapons has been outlawed by the general opinion of civilized mankind . END
this country has not used them , and i hope that we never will be compelled to use them . END
i state UNK that we shall under no circumstances resort to the use of such weapons unless they are first used by our enemies '' . END
the following month the invasion of italy was begun , and roosevelt gave effect to his warning by UNK to the UNK of poison gas in southern italy . END
bari was chosen as a depot , not only for its seeming safety , but because of its proximity to airfields . END
any UNK gas attack would be airborne . END
it would be made in three waves -- the first to lay down a UNK , the second to drop the gas bombs , the third to shower UNK which would burn everything below . END
so the vile cargo went into the hole of the john harvey . END
a detachment of six men from the UNK chemical maintenance company under first lt. howard d. UNK went aboard , followed by lt. thomas h. richardson , the cargo security officer . END
only a few other people -- very important people -- knew of the UNK eggs UNK below decks . END
no one else must know . END
thus , in the UNK way -- in the way of the right hand that knows and the left that does not -- was the stage set for tragedy at bari . END
it was the night of december 2 , 1943 , and it was growing dark in bari . END
it was getting on toward 7 o'clock and the german UNK plane had been and gone on its eighth straight visit . END
capt. a. b. jenks of the office of harbor defense was very worried . END
he knew that german long-range bombers had been returning to the attack in italy . END
on november 24th , they had made a raid on la UNK . END
two days later , some 30 of them had struck at a UNK off UNK , sinking a UNK -- and it had been that very night that the UNK had made its first appearance . END
after it had UNK the next two nights , jenks went to higher headquarters and said : END
`` for three days now a german reconnaissance plane has been over the city taking pictures . END
they're just waiting for the proper time to come over here and dump this place into the UNK '' . END
but the older and wiser heads had dismissed his warning as UNK . END
even though it was known that the UNK in the north was now being directed by the young and energetic general UNK , the commander who would conduct the `` little UNK '' on london in 1944 , a major raid on bari at this juncture of the war was not to be considered seriously . END
true , there had been raids on UNK -- but UNK was pretty far north on the opposite coast . END
no , bari was out of range . END
more than that , allied air had complete superiority in the eighth army's sector . END
so captain jenks returned to his harbor post to watch the UNK plane put in five more appearances , and to feel the certainty of this dread rising within him . END
for jenks knew that UNK defenses were made of paper . END
the royal air force had but a single light UNK UNK and two balloon units available . END
there were no UNK fighter UNK on bari airfield . END
the radar station with the best location was still not serviceable . END
telephone communication was bad . END
and everywhere in evidence among the few remaining defensive units was that old UNK of disaster -- multiple command . END
it had been made UNK evident that very morning to ensign kay k. vesole , in charge of the armed guard aboard the john UNK . END
a british officer had come aboard and told him that in case of enemy air attack he was not to open fire until bombs were actually dropped . END
then he was to UNK his fire with a UNK shore gun firing white UNK . END
`` this harbor is a UNK paradise '' , the UNK had said with frank UNK . END
`` it's up to you to protect yourselves . END
we can't expect any help from the fighters at UNK , either . END
they're all being used on offensive missions '' . END
vesole had been stunned . END
not fire until the bombs came down ! ! END
he thought of the tons and tons of UNK fluid beneath his feet and shook his head . END
like hell he'd wait -- and UNK the UNK gun got knocked out ? ? END
what would his guns guide on then -- the north star ? ? END
ensign vesole decided that he would not UNK until he heard the whispering of the bombs , and when night began to fall , he put seaman UNK donald l. norton and seaman UNK william a. UNK on the guns and told them to start shooting the moment they saw an enemy silhouette . END
below decks , seaman UNK stanley bishop had begun to write a letter home . END
above decks on the john harvey , lieutenant richardson gazed at the lights still burning on the port wall and felt uneasy . END
there were lights glinting in the city , too , even though it was now dark enough for a few stars to become visible . END
bari was asking for it , he thought . END
for five days now , they had been in port and that filthy stuff was still in the hold . END
richardson wondered when it would be unloaded . END
he hoped they would put in somewhere way , way down in the earth . END
the burden of his secret was pressing down on him , as it was on lieutenant UNK and his six enlisted men . END
lieutenant richardson could envy the officers and men of the john harvey in their innocent assumption that the ship contained nothing more dangerous than high explosive bombs . END
they seemed happy at the delay in unloading , glad at the chance to go ashore in a lively liberty port such as bari . END
nine of them had gone down the UNK already . END
deck cadet james l. UNK and seaman walter brooks had been the first to leave . END
richardson had returned their departing UNK with the UNK nod that is the security officer's stock in trade . END
the other half of the crew , plus UNK and his men , had remained aboard . END
richardson glanced to sea and started slightly . END
damned if that wasn't a sailing ship standing out of the old harbor -- UNK vecchio . END
the night was so clear that richardson had no difficulty making out the silhouette . END
then the thought of a UNK sky made him shiver , and he glanced upward . END
it was a clear night and it was raining ! ! END
capt. michael a. musmanno , military governor of the UNK peninsula , had also seen and felt the `` rain '' . END
but he had mistaken it for bugs . END
captain UNK UNK UNK with the UNK name unsinkable had just left UNK vecchio with a cargo of UNK olive oil for the UNK civilian population . END
musmanno was on deck . END
at exactly 7:30 , he felt a fluttering object brush his face . END
he snatched at it UNK . END
he turned the beam of his flashlight on it . END
it was the silver foil from the chocolate bar he had been eating . END
but how could -- ? ? END
another , longer strip of UNK whipped his mouth . END
it was two feet long . END
it was not candy wrapping . END
it was `` window '' -- the UNK paper dropped by bombers to jam radar sets , to fill the scope with hundreds of UNK that would seem to be approaching bombers . END
`` UNK '' ! ! END
musmanno bellowed to his italian UNK . END
stop the engines '' ! ! END
unsinkable slowed and stopped , hundreds of brilliant white flares swayed UNK down from the black , the air raid UNK ashore rose in a UNK shriek , the UNK guns UNK and UNK -- and above it all motors roared and the bombs came whispering and wailing and crashing down among the ships at anchor at bari . END
they had come from airports in the UNK , these UNK UNK UNK . END
they had UNK over the UNK , they had taken bari by complete surprise and now they were UNK her , attacking with deadly skill . END
they had ruined the radar warning system with their window , they had made themselves invisible above their flares . END
and they also had the lights of the city , the port wall UNK , and a shore UNK spotlight to guide on . END
after the first two were UNK out , the third light was abandoned by a terrified italian crew , who left their light to shine for nine minutes like an UNK UNK beacon until british UNK shot it out . END
in that interval , the german bombers made a hell of bari harbor . END
merchant ships illuminated in the light of the flares , made to seem like stones imbedded in a lake of polished mud , were impossible to miss . END
the little unsinkable sank almost immediately . END
captain musmanno roared at his men to lash three of the UNK of olive oil together for a raft . END
they got it over the side and clambered aboard only a few minutes before their UNK went under . END
john UNK went down early , too . END
ensign vesole and his UNK had fought UNK , but they had no targets . END
most of the UNK were above the UNK light of the flares , and the UNK shore gun had been knocked out by one of the first sticks of bombs . END
vesole rushed from gun to gun , attempting to direct fire . END
he was wounded , but fought on . END
norton and UNK fired wildly at the sounds of the motors . END
bishop rushed on deck to grab a UNK gun , pumping out 400 rounds before sticks of three bombs each crashed into holds one , three and five . END
now the UNK was UNK wounded . END
UNK , she was not completely UNK and would go down before the gasoline could UNK . END
the order to abandon ship was given , but cries of pain could be heard from the wounded below decks . END
there is a pause in the UNK as your friends gaze at you , wondering why you are staring , UNK in amazement . END
you explain , `` i have the UNK feeling of having lived through this very same event before . END
i can't tell when , but i'm positive i witnessed this same scene of this particular gathering at some time in the past '' ! ! END
this experience will have happened to many of you . END
emerson , in his lecture , refers to the `` startling experience which almost every person UNK in daylight , that particular passages of conversation and action have occurred to him in the same order before , whether dreaming or waking , a suspicion that they have been with precisely these persons in precisely this room , and heard precisely this dialogue , at some former hour , they know not when '' . END
most psychiatrists dismiss these instances of that weird feeling as the deja vue ( already seen ) illusion , just as they dismiss dream UNK as UNK . END
in this manner they UNK the seemingly hopeless investigation of the greater depths of mystery in which all of us UNK continually . END
when a man recognizes a certain experience as the exact pattern of a previous dream , we have an instance of deja vue , except for the fact that he knows just why the experience seems familiar . END
occasionally there are examples of UNK which cannot be pushed aside without UNK an UNK attitude . END
one day UNK , coming with a friend upon an event which he recognized as the exact pattern of a previous dream , detailed the ensuing occurrences in advance so accurately that his companion was completely UNK . END
UNK UNK scorn for the `` jargon '' of psychical research was altered somewhat when he wondered `` how , or why , had i been shown an UNK roll of my life film '' ? ? END
the famous author tells us of the strange incident in something about myself . END
one day when he attended a war memorial ceremony in westminster abbey his view was obstructed by a UNK man on his left , his attention turned to the irregular pattern of the rough slab flooring and someone , clasping him by the arm , whispered , `` i want a word with you , please '' . END
at that moment UNK was overwhelmed with awed amazement , suddenly recalling that these identical details of scene , action and word had occurred to him in a dream six weeks earlier . END
freud probably contributed more than anyone else to the understanding of dreams , enabling us to recognize their equivalents in our wakeful thoughts . END
however , readers who accept UNK findings and believe that he has solved completely the mystery of dreams , should UNK over the following words in his interpretation of dreams , chapter 1 : : END
as `` a matter of fact no such complete solution of the dream has ever been accomplished in any case , , and what is more , every one attempting such solution has found that in most cases there have remained a great many components of the dream the source of which he has been unable to explain nor is the discussion closed on the subject of the UNK or UNK power of dreams '' . END
dreams present many mysteries of UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK . END
the basic mystery of dreams , which embraces all the others and challenges us from even the most common typical dream , is in the fact that they are original , visual UNK . END
i recall the startling , vivid realism of a dream in which i lived through the horror of the bombing of a little korean town . END
i am sure that nothing within me is capable of UNK that UNK sequence , so complete in detail , from the UNK of news pictures i have seen . END
and when psychology explains glibly , `` but the subconscious mind is able to produce it '' it refers to a mental region so vaguely identified that it may embrace the entire universal mind as conceivably as part of the individual mind . END
UNK may deny the more startling phenomena of dreams as things they have never personally observed , but failure to wonder at their basic mystery is outright avoidance of routine evidence . END
the question becomes , `` what is a dream '' ? ? END
is a dream simply a mental or cerebral movie ? ? END
every dream , and this is true of a mental image of any type even though it may be readily interpreted into its equivalent of wakeful thought , is a UNK phenomenon for which no explanation is available . END
in most cases we recognize certain words , persons , animals or objects . END
but these are dreamed in original action , in some particular continuity which we don't remember having seen in real life . END
for instance , the UNK sees himself seated behind neighbor smith and , with photographic realism , sees smith driving the car ; ; END
whereas , it is a matter of fact that smith cannot drive a car . END
there is nothing to suggest that the brain can alter past impressions to fit into an original , realistic and unbroken continuity like we experience in dreams . END
the entire concept of cerebral imagery as the physical basis of a mental image can find no logical support . END
a `` mental image '' subconsciously UNK us from beneath its language symbols in wakeful thought , or consciously in light sleep , is actually not an image at all but is comprised of realities , viewed not in the concurrent sensory stream , but within the depths of the fourth dimension . END
dreams that display events of the future with photographic detail call for a theory explaining their basic mystery and all its components , including that weird feeling of deja vue , inevitably fantastic though that theory must seem . END
as in the theory of perception , established in UNK , the eye is recognized as an integral part of the brain . END
but then this theory UNK that it is completely at a loss as to how the image can possibly be received by the brain . END
the opening paragraph of the chapter titled the theory of representative perception , in the book UNK of science by albert g. UNK says , `` passed on to the brain , and there , by some unexplained process , it causes the mind to have a perception '' . END
but why is it necessary to reproduce the UNK image within the brain ? ? END
as UNK images are conceded to be an integral function of the brain it seems logical to suppose that the nerves , between the inner brain and the eyes , carry the direct drive for cooperation from the various brain centers -- rather than to UNK on the transmission of an image which is already in required location . END
hereby , the external object viewed by the eyes remains the thing that is seen , not the UNK image , the purpose of which would be to achieve UNK cooperation by stirring sympathetic impulses in the other sensory centers , motor tensions , associated word symbols , and consciousness . END
modern physics has developed the theory that all matter consists of minute waves of energy . END
we know that the number of radio and television impulses , sound waves , ultra-violet rays , etc. , that may occupy the very same space , each solitary upon its own frequency , is infinite . END
so we may conceive the coexistence of the infinite number of universal , apparently momentary states of matter , successive one after another in consciousness , but permanent each on its own basic phase of the progressive frequencies . END
this theory makes it possible for any event throughout eternity to be continuously available at any moment to consciousness . END
space in any form is completely measured by the three dimensions . END
if the fourth dimension is a physical concept and not purely metaphysical , through what medium does it extend ? ? END
it is not through space nor time that the time machine most approved by science fiction must travel for a visit to the permanent UNK past , or the UNK UNK future . END
three seconds flat is the usual time , and the space is crossed by moderate mileage , while the overwhelming UNK of such UNK must be conceived as a static UNK through an enormous number of UNK frequencies which perpetuate all events . END
the body , senses and brain , in common with all matter , have their counterpart on each of a countless number of frequencies . END
the senses in each counterpart bear the impression only of phenomena that share its own frequency , whereas those upon all other frequencies are invisible , UNK and UNK to them . END
consciousness is the factor that provides the progressive continuity to sensory impressions . END
when consciousness deserts the sleeping body and the wakeful world , it continues in the myriad UNK of the ever-present past and future , in a life as vibrant and real as the one left when the body tired and required sleep . END
if the UNK realistic continuity of dreams , however bizarre their combinations , denies that it is purely a composition of the brain , it must be compounded from views of diverse realities , although some of them may never be encountered in what we are pleased to call the real life . END
dr. h. v. UNK , professor of UNK at the university of pennsylvania , dreamed that a UNK priest , associated with the king UNK , ( UNK b.c. ) escorted him to the treasure chamber of the temple of bel , gave him six novel points of information about a certain broken relic , and corrected an error in its identification . END
as a matter of fact , the incorrect classification , the result of many weeks of labor by dr. UNK , was about to be published by him the following day . END
some time later the missing part of the relic was found and the complete inscription , together with other new evidence , fully UNK the ancient UNK information . END
dr. UNK was uncertain as to the language used by the ancient priest in his dream . END
he was almost positive it was not UNK nor UNK , and imagined it must have been german or english . END
we may conclude that all six points of information , UNK given by the dream priest , could have been furnished by dr. UNK subconscious reasoning . END
but , in denying any physical reality for this dream , how could the brain possibly compose that realistic , vividly visual continuity uninterrupted by misty UNK , violent break or sudden UNK ? ? END
which theory is more fantastic : 1 . END
that the perfect continuity was composed from the UNK of memory impressions in the UNK brain , or 2 . END
that the dream was a reality on the infinite UNK of universal , gradient frequencies , across which the modern professor and the priest of ancient UNK met ? ? END
the degree of circumstance , the ratio of memory to UNK , determines whether a dream will be a recognized , fulfilled UNK , or the vaguely , effective source of the weird deja vue feeling . END
no doubt some experiences vanish so completely as to leave no trace on the UNK mind . END
probably less than one percent of our UNK escape final UNK before we wake . END
when we arrive at the events concerned in the vanished majority , they , of course , cannot impress us as anything familiar . END
nevertheless , there are notably frequent instances of deja vue , in which our recognition of an entirely novel event is a feeling of having lived through it before , a feeling which , though vague , UNK the verbal barrage from the most impressive corps of psychologists . END
if deja vue is an illusion , then peculiarly , it is a most prevalent mental disturbance affecting even the most UNK people . END
UNK depew , UNK UNK for the republican presidential nomination , was attending a convention at saratoga , where he was scheduled to UNK colonel theodore roosevelt for governor of new york when he noticed that the temporary chairman was a man he had never met . END
after the preliminary business affair was finished depew arose and delivered the convincing speech that UNK the nomination for roosevelt . END
if depew had told any academic psychologist that he had a weird feeling of having lived through that identical convention session at some time in the past , he would have been informed that he was a victim of deja vue . END
but the famous orator felt more than vague recognition for the scene . END
he remembered exactly when he had lived through it before , and he had something to prove he had . END
one week before the convention , depew was seated on the porch of a country home on the hudson , gazing at the opposite shore . END
`` the food is wonderful and it is a lot of fun to be here '' ! ! END
so wrote a ten year old student in a letter to his parents from north country school , lake placid , new york . END
in this one sentence , he unwittingly revealed the basic philosophy of the nutrition and psychological programs in operation at the school . END
because the food is selected with thought for its UNK value , care for its origin , and prepared in a manner that retains the most nutrients , the food does taste good . END
when served in a psychological atmosphere that allows young bodies to UNK the greatest good from what they eat because they are free from tension , a foundation is laid for a high level of health that releases the children from physical UNK to participate with enjoyment in the work assignments , the athletic programs and the most important phase , the educational opportunities . END
situated in a region of some of the UNK mountain scenery in the country , the school buildings are located amid open fields and farm lands . END
these contemporary structures , beautifully adapted to a school in the country , are home to 60 children , ages eight to fourteen , grades four through eight . END
from fourteen states and three foreign countries they come to spend the months from UNK to june . END
the director , walter e. clark , believes that a school with children living full time in its care must take full responsibility for their welfare . END
to him this means caring for the whole child , providing basic nutrition , and a spiritual attitude that lends freedom for the development of the mind . END
the concept of good nutrition really began with the garden . END
the school has always maintained a farm to supply the needs of the school . END
in a climate hostile to agriculture , mr. clark has had to keep alert to the most productive farm techniques . END
where a growing season may , with luck , allow 60 days without frost , and where the soil is poor , sandy , UNK and subject to erosion , many farmers fail . END
throughout the UNK region abandoned farm homes and wild orchards bear UNK testimony that their owners met defeat . END
mr. clark found that orthodox procedures of deep plowing , use of chemical UNK and UNK , plus the application of conservation principles of rotation and UNK , did not prevent sheet erosion in the potato fields and depreciation of the soil . END
`` to give up these notions required a revolution in thought '' , mr. clark said in UNK about the abrupt changes in ideas he experienced when he began reading `` organic UNK '' and `` modern nutrition '' in a search for help with his problems . END
`` louis UNK writings excited me as a UNK '' . END
by 1952 he was convinced he would no longer spray . END
he locked his equipment in a cabinet where it still remains . END
after reading `` UNK folly '' by edward h. faulkner , he stopped plowing . END
the basis for compost materials already existed on the school farm with a stable of animals for the riding program , poultry for eggs , pigs to eat garbage , a beef herd and wastes of all kinds . END
separate pails were kept in the kitchen for coffee grounds and egg shells . END
all these materials and supplementary manure and other UNK from neighboring dairy and poultry farms made over 40 tons of finished compost a year . END
it was applied with a compost UNK made from a converted manure UNK . END
years of patient application of compost and leaf UNK has changed the structure of the soil and its UNK capacity . END
soon after the method changed , visitors began asking how he managed to UNK his soil to keep it looking moist , when in reality , it was the soil treatment alone that accomplished this . END
to demonstrate the soil of his vegetable gardens as it is today , mr. clark UNK to scoop up a handful of rich dark earth . END
UNK its sweet smell and letting it fall to show its good UNK consistency , he pointed to the nearby driveway and said , `` this soil used to be like that hard packed road over there '' . END
`` people and soils respond slowly '' , says walter clark , `` but the time has now come when the gardens produce delicious UNK vegetables due to this UNK program . END
no chemical UNK and poisonous UNK and UNK are used '' . END
the garden supplies enough carrots , UNK , UNK , potatoes , UNK , cabbage and UNK to store for winter meals in the root cellar . END
the carrots sometimes don't make it through the winter ; ; END
the cabbage and UNK keep until march or april . END
there is never enough corn , peas or UNK . END
mr. clark still has to use UNK with potatoes grown on the least fertile fields , but he has watched the insect damage decrease steadily and hopes that continued use of compost and leaf mulch will allow him to do without it in the future . END
a new project planned is the use of UNK UNK . END
new ideas for improving nutrition came with the study of soil treatment . END
`` after the soil , the kitchen '' , says mr. clark . END
the first major change was that of providing UNK bread instead of white bread . END
`` adults take a long time to convince and you are thwarted if you try to push '' . END
at first the kitchen help was tolerant , but ordered their own supply of white bread for themselves . END
`` you can't make french toast with whole-wheat bread '' , was an early complaint . END
of course they learned in time that they not only could use whole-wheat bread , but the children liked it better . END
mrs. clark , as house manager , planned the UNK and cared for the ordering . END
then miss lillian UNK came from vermont to be kitchen manager . END
today whole grains are UNK ground every day and baked into bread . END
mr. UNK studies taught him that the only way to UNK the vitamins in the whole grain was prompt use of the flour . END
once the grains are ground , vitamin e begins to UNK immediately and half of it is lost by oxidation and exposure to the air within one week . END
a mill stands in a room off the kitchen . END
surrounding it are metal cans of grains ordered from organic farms in the state . END
miss UNK UNK measures of whole wheat , oats , and UNK beans and turns on the motor . END
she goes on about her work and UNK for the completion of the grinding . END
the bread baked from this mixture is light in color and UNK in UNK . END
it is well liked by the children and faculty . END
there is one problem with the bread . END
`` UNK bread is so good and everything tastes so much better here that it is hard not to eat too much '' , said the secretary UNK eyeing her extra pounds . END
the school has not used cold prepared cereals for years , though at one time that was all they ever served . END
when the chance came , they first eliminated cold cereal once a week , then gradually converted to hot UNK cereal every day . END
they serve cracked wheat , oats or UNK . END
occasionally , the children find steamed , whole-wheat grains for cereal which they call `` UNK '' . END
at the beginning of the school year , the new students don't eat the cereal right away , but within a short time they are eating it UNK . END
when they leave for vacations they miss the hot cereal . END
the school has received letters from parents asking , `` what happened to johnny ? ? END
he never used to like any hot cereal , now that's the only kind he wants . END
where can we get this cereal he likes so much '' ? ? END
UNK are served at least once a day . END
vegetables are served liberally . END
most come from the root cellar or from the UNK . END
UNK sauerkraut is served once a week . END
UNK grains and seeds are used in UNK and dishes such as UNK UNK . END
sometimes UNK wheat is added to bread and causes the children to remark , `` lillian , did you put nuts in the bread today '' ? ? END
milk appears twice a day . END
the school raises enough poultry , pigs , and beef cattle for most of their needs . END
lots of cheese made from june grass milk is served . END
hens are kept on the range and UNK are kept with them for their fertility . END
organ meats such as beef and chicken liver , tongue and heart are planned once a week . END
also , salt water fish is on the table once a week . END
for deserts , UNK and pies are each served once a week . END
most other UNK are fruit in some form , fresh fruits once daily at least , sometimes at snack time . END
dried fruits are purchased from sources where they are neither UNK nor sprayed . END
apples come from a farm in vermont where they are not sprayed . END
oranges and UNK are shipped from florida weekly from an organic farm . END
finding sources for these high quality foods is a problem . END
sometimes the solution comes in unexpected ways . END
following a talk by mr. clark at the new york state natural food associates convention , a man from the audience offered to ship his UNK apples to the school from vermont . END
UNK , UNK UNK and ground UNK are used in bread and in dishes such as UNK sauce , meat UNK . END
miss UNK hopes to find suitable UNK so that UNK can be available at the tables . END
raw UNK is available on the breakfast table for the children to help themselves . END
very few fried foods are used and the use of salt and pepper is discouraged . END
drinking with meals is also discouraged ; ; END
pitchers of water merely appear on the tables . END
the source is known so there is no necessity to remove UNK UNK . END
the cooking UNK a maximum of the vitamin c content of vegetables by methods which use very little water and cook in the UNK time possible . END
wholesome UNK , no candy END
since mr. clark believes firmly that the chewing of hard foods helps develop healthy gums and teeth , raw vegetables and raw whole-wheat grains are handed out with fresh fruit and whole-wheat cookies at snack time in the afternoons . END
to solve the problem of the wheat grains UNK on the floor and getting underfoot , a ball of maple syrup boiled to candy consistency was invented to hold the grains . END
on their frequent hikes into the nearby mountains , the children carry whole grains to UNK along the trail . END
they learn to like these so well that it isn't surprising to hear that one boy tried the oats he was feeding his horse at chore time . END
they tasted good to him , so he brought some to breakfast to eat in his cereal bowl with milk and honey . END
maple syrup is made by the children in the woods on the school grounds . END
this and raw sugar replace ordinary refined sugar on the tables and very little sugar is used in cooking . END
candy is not allowed . END
parents are asked in the bulletin to send packages of treats consisting of fruit and nuts , but no candy . END
mr. clark believes in a good full breakfast of fruit , hot cereal , milk , honey , whole-wheat toast with real butter and eggs . END
the heavy meal comes in the middle of the day . END
soup is often the important dish at supper . END
UNK of meat , bones and vegetables , it is rich in dissolved minerals and vitamins . END
the school finds that the children are satisfied with smaller amounts of food since all of it is high in quality . END
the cost to feed one person is just under one dollar a day . END
even before he saw the necessity of growing better food and planning good nutrition , mr. clark felt the school had a good health program . END
rugged outdoor exercise for an hour and a half every day in all kinds of weather was the rule . END
a vigorous program existed in skiing , UNK sports and overnight UNK . END
since the change to better nutrition , he feels he can report on improvements in health , though he considers the following statements observations and not scientific proof . END
visitors to the school ask what UNK they use on the children's hair to bring out the UNK . END
the UNK complexion of the faces also brings comment . END
UNK by swirling winds , the little green UNK struggled northward between the mountains beyond UNK gulf . END
wires UNK as a cold november blast rocked the silver wings , but the engine roar was reassuring to the pilot UNK in the open cockpit . END
he peered ahead and grinned as the railroad tracks came into view again below . END
`` good old iron compass '' ! ! END
a UNK of smoke rose from a central vermont UNK which UNK behind a string of gravel cars , and little figures that were workmen labored to set the UNK UNK to rights . END
the UNK of a shattered dog river bridge lay strewn for half a mile downstream . END
UNK main railroad line was UNK . END
and in the dark days after the great flood of 1927 -- the worst natural disaster in the state's history -- the little plane was its sole replacement in carrying the united states mails . END
rain of near UNK proportions had fallen for three full days and it was still raining on the morning of friday , november 4 , 1927 , when officials of the post office department's railway mail service realized that their distribution system for vermont had been almost totally destroyed overnight . END
clerks and UNK UNK UNK out of their offices -- those who still had offices -- and wondered how to move the mail . END
the state's railroad system counted miles of broken bridges and missing UNK : it would obviously remain out of commission for weeks . END
and once medicine , food , clothing and shelter had been provided for the UNK victims , communications and the mail were the next top problems . END
from burlington , outgoing mail could be UNK across lake UNK to the railroad at port kent , n. y. . END
but what came in was piling up . END
the nearest UNK end of track from boston was at concord , n. h. . END
when governor al smith offered new york national guard planes to fly the mail in and out of the state , it seemed a likely temporary solution , UNK UNK UNK and that at montpelier too . END
the question was `` where to land '' ? ? END
there was no such thing as an airport in vermont . END
burlington UNK john j. burns suggested the parade ground southwest of fort ethan allen , and soon a dozen UNK national guard pilots were bringing their UNK `` jenny '' and UNK UNK to rest on the frozen UNK of the military base . END
the only available field that could be used near UNK montpelier was on the towne farm off upper main street , a narrow hillside where UNK and UNK could be safely made only under light wind conditions . END
over in barre the streets had been deep in swirling water , and bridges were crumpled and gone . END
UNK delivery of medicines and UNK by plane , UNK city citizens formed an airfield committee and with the aid of UNK and the UNK infantry , vermont national guard , laid out runways on wilson flat , high on UNK hill . END
the `` barre aviation field '' was set to receive its first aircraft the sunday following the flood . END
though the makeshift airports were ready , the york state guard UNK proved unable to keep any kind of mail schedule . END
they had courage but their meager training consisted of weekend UNK in good weather , in and out of established airports , and the increasingly cold weather soon raised UNK with the water cooled engines of their world war 1 , planes . END
it seemed like a good time for officials to use a UNK law UNK the post office department to contract for the transport of first class mail by air . END
they had to act fast , for letters were UNK the terminals . END
down in concord , new hampshire , was a UNK in the right place at the right time : robert s. fogg , a native new englander , had been a world war 1 , flying instructor , UNK , and one of the original planners of the concord airport . END
tall , wiry , UNK bob fogg had already UNK up one historical first in air mail history . END
UNK a UNK navy UNK flying boat off lake UNK in 1925 , he had inaugurated the original rural delivery air service in america . END
during the excitement following UNK flight to paris earlier in 1927 , dare devil UNK overnight became legendary heroes . END
in concord , bob fogg was the most prominent new hampshire boy with wings . END
UNK backers UNK him to a UNK airplane , aimed at putting their city and state on the flying map . END
the ship was a waco UNK , one of the first two of its type to be fitted with the air cooled , UNK wright radial engine known as the UNK . END
a trim green and UNK craft only UNK feet long , the waco was entered to compete in the `` UNK '' air derby of 1927 . END
as a matter of fact , fogg and his plane didn't get beyond pennsylvania in the race -- an engine oil UNK forced him down -- but the flying service and school he started subsequently were first steps in paying off his UNK backers . END
so with all this experience , bob fogg was a natural choice to receive the first emergency air mail star route contract . END
his work began just six days after the flood . END
by UNK from concord to burlington is a distance of about 150 miles , counting a slight deviation for the stop at either barre or montpelier . END
the first few days bob fogg set his plane down on towne field back of the state house when the wind was right , and used wilson flat above barre when it wasn't . END
between the UNK towne field and the long UNK back road haul that was necessary to gain access to wilson flat , arrangements at the state capital were far from satisfactory . END
each time in , the unhappy pilot , pushing his luck , begged the postal officials that met him to find a safer landing place , preferably on the UNK hills across the winooski river . END
`` but fogg '' , they UNK , `` we can't get over there . END
and besides you seem to make it all right here '' . END
it took a tragedy to bring things to a head . END
after a week of precarious UNK UNK and UNK UNK , fogg one day looked down at the shattered yellow UNK of an army plane strewn across UNK towne field . END
sent to montpelier by secretary herbert hoover , red cross aide UNK UNK had been killed , and his pilot , lt. franklin wolfe , badly injured . END
with the field a UNK of white the unfortunate pilot had simply flown into the hillside . END
faced with this situation , postmaster charles f. UNK of montpelier went with fogg on a burlington trip , and together they UNK the terrain on the heights of berlin . END
a long flat known as the st. john field seemed to answer their purpose , and since the winooski bridges were at last UNK , they decided to use it . END
with a wary eye on the farmer's bull , fred somers of montpelier and mr. st. john marked the field with a red table cloth . END
as a wind direction indicator , they tied a cotton rag to a UNK . END
with these aids , and a pair of UNK substituting for wheels on the waco , bob fogg made the first landing on what is now part of the UNK airport on november 21 , 1927 . END
each trip saw the front cockpit filled higher with mail UNK . END
during the second week of operations , fogg received a telegram from the post office department , asking him to `` put on two airplanes and make two flights daily , plus one sunday trip '' . END
since UNK was a one-man , UNK flying service , this meant that he would have to do both trips , flying alone 600 miles a day , under UNK temperature conditions . END
over the weeks , america's first star route air mail settled into a routine pattern despite the UNK of weather and the lack of ground facilities and aids to navigation . END
each morning at five fogg crawled out of bed to bundle into flying UNK over the furnace register of his home . END
always troubled by poor circulation in his feet , he experimented with various combinations of socks and shoes before finally adopting UNK felt farmer's boots with his UNK flying boots pulled over them . END
a UNK leather flying suit , plus UNK , UNK and UNK completed his attire for the rigors of the open cockpit . END
the UNK stock answer to `` weren't you cold '' ? ? END
became `` yes , the first half hour is tough , but by then i'm so numb i don't notice it '' ! ! END
as daylight began to show through the UNK windows , fogg would place a call to william a. shaw at the u. s. weather station at UNK , vermont , for temperature and UNK readings . END
shaw could also give the flyer a pretty good idea of area visibility by a visual check of the mountains to be seen from his station . END
`` UNK '' were judged by comparison with known mountain heights and cloud positions . END
later on in the day fogg could get a better weather picture from the burlington weather bureau supervised by frank e. UNK . END
out at the airport each morning , UNK skilled mechanic UNK UNK would have the waco warmed up and running in the UNK UNK . END
( he'd get the engine oil flowing with an electric heater under a big canvas cover . END
) wishing to show that aviation was dependable and here to stay , bob fogg always made a point of taking off each morning on the dot of seven , UNK rain , snow and UNK in true postal tradition . END
concord learned to set its clocks by the UNK bark of the UNK exhaust overhead . END
sometimes the pilot had to turn back if fully blocked by fog , but UNK of his trips were completed . END
plane radios were not yet available , and once in the air , fogg flew his ship by compass , a good memory for landmarks as seen from above , and a capacity for dead UNK and quick computation . END
often , UNK through the overcast , he was forced to fly close to the ground by a low ceiling , skimming above the winooski or the white river along the line of the broken railroad . END
when driving rain or mist UNK in one valley , fogg would UNK up and over to reverse course and try another one , ranging from the UNK up to UNK in search of safe passage through the mountain passes . END
the dependable wright engine was never stopped on these trips . END
it UNK over smoothly , UNK while fogg exchanged mails with the armed messenger from burlington at fort ethan allen , and one from montpelier and barre at the st. john field . END
sometimes , on a return trip , the UNK would `` go upstairs '' high over the clouds . END
there he'd take a compass reading , figure his air speed , and UNK that in a certain number of minutes he'd be over the broad meadows of the merrimack valley where it would be safe to let down through the overcast and see the ground before it hit him . END
bob fogg didn't have today's advantages of instrument flight and ground control approach systems . END
at the end of the calculated time he'd nose the waco down through the cloud bank and hope to break through where some feature of the winter landscape would be recognizable . END
usually back in concord by noon , there was just time to get partially UNK out , UNK , and grab a bit of mrs. UNK hot UNK before starting the second trip . END
day after day fogg UNK back and forth on his one-man air mail route , until the farmers in their snowy UNK and the road UNK came to recognize the UNK plane as their link with the rest of the country . END
the flyer had his share of UNK . END
at fort ethan allen the ever-present wind off lake UNK could readily flip a puny man-made thing like an airplane if the pilot UNK . END
once the soldiers from the UNK had to hold the ship from blowing away while fogg UNK the engine and got the tail up . END
at a nod of his head they let go , turning to cup their ears against the icy UNK . END
tracks in the snow showed the plane was airborne in less than a hundred feet . END
one afternoon during a cold , UNK UNK , fogg took off for concord from the st. john field . END
are you retiring now ? ? END
if so , are you saying , `` where did the last few years go ? ? END
how did i get to be sixty-five so fast ? ? END
what do i do now '' ? ? END
yes , retirement seems to creep upon you suddenly . END
somehow we UNK never figured we would ever retire . END
we always thought we would die with our boots on . END
out of the blue comes talk of pension plans . END
compulsory retirement at sixty-five UNK on our horizon . END
still , it seems in the far future . END
suddenly , one day , up it pops ! ! END
sixty-five years and you've had it ! ! END
so , now what ? ? END
you've thought about it before in a hazy sort of way . END
it never seemed real ; ; END
never seemed as if it could happen to you ; ; END
only to the other fellow . END
here it is ! ! END
how am i going to live ? ? END
what am i going to do ? ? END
where do i go from here ? ? END
a great many retired people are the so-called white collar workers . END
are you one of these ? ? END
if so , you are of the old school . END
you are conscientious , hard working , honest , accurate , a good UNK , and a UNK for a job well done , with no loose ends . END
everything must balance to the last penny . END
also you can spell , without consulting a dictionary for every other word . END
you never are late for work and seldom absent . END
actually , you can take no special credit for this . END
it is the way you were taught and your way of life . END
all this is standard equipment for a man of your day ; ; END
your stock in trade ; ; END
however , the last few years of your life , things seem to be changing . END
your way doesn't seem to be so darned important any more . END
you realize you are getting in the old UNK class . END
to put it bluntly , you are getting UNK . END
the answer is a new era . END
now , looming on the horizon are such things as estimated totals , calculated risks and UNK machines . END
the planning dept. comes into existence . END
all sorts of plans come to life . END
this is followed by a boom in conferences . END
conferences become very popular . END
when a plan burst its seams , hasty conferences supply the necessary patch , and life goes UNK on . END
that's called progress ! ! END
the new way of life ! ! END
let's face it ! ! END
you had your day and it was a good day . END
let this generation have theirs . END
time marches on ! ! END
well , to get back to the problem of retirement . END
every retiring person has a different situation facing him . END
some have plenty of money -- some have very little money . END
some are UNK with an abundance of good health -- some are in poor health and many are UNK . END
some have lovely homes -- some live in small apartments . END
some have beautiful gardens -- some not even a blade of grass . END
some have serenity of mind , the ability to accept what they have , and make the most of it ( a wonderful gift to have , believe me ) -- some see only darkness , the bitter side of everything . END
well , whatever you have , that's it ! ! END
you've got to learn to live with it . END
the question is `` how are you going to live with it '' ? ? END
you can sit back and UNK and UNK your lot . END
you can do this . END
but , if you do , your life will be just one thing -- unhappiness -- complete and UNK . END
it seems to me , the first thing you've got to do , to be happy , is to face up to your problems , no matter what they may be . END
make up your mind to pool your resources and get the most out of your remaining years of life . END
one thing , i am sure of , you must get an interest in life . END
you've got to do something . END
many of you will say , `` well , what can i do '' ? ? END
there are many , many things to do . END
find out what you like to do most and really give it a UNK . END
if you can't think of a thing to do , try something -- anything . END
maybe you will surprise yourself . END
we are not all great artists . END
i , frankly , can't draw a straight line . END
maybe you are not that gifted either , but how about UNK around with the old paints ? ? END
you may UNK yourself and acquire a real knack for it . END
anyway , i'll bet you have a lot of fun . END
do you like to sew ? ? END
does making your own clothes or even doll clothes , interest you ? ? END
do you love to run up a hem , sew on buttons , make neat UNK ? ? END
if you do , go to it . END
there is always a market for this line of work . END
some women can sit and sew , UNK , UNK or knit by the hour , and look calm and relaxed and turn out beautiful work . END
where sewing is concerned , i'm a total loss . END
when you see a needle in my hands you will know the family buttons have fallen off and i have to sew them back on , or get out the safety pins . END
then again , there's always that lovely old pastime of UNK or UNK rugs . END
not for me , but perhaps just the thing for you . END
how's about mosaic tile , UNK or similar arts and UNK ? ? END
some people love to crack tile and it's amazing what beautiful designs they come up with as a result of their cracking good time . END
how about the art of cooking ? ? END
do you UNK to make UNK and pies , or special cookies and UNK ? ? END
there is always an open market for this sort of delicacy , in spite of low UNK UNK , cottage cheese and UNK to the contrary . END
some people can UNK most anything out of a piece of wood . END
some make beautiful chairs , cabinets , chests , doll houses , etc. . END
perhaps you couldn't do that but have you ever tried to see what you could do with a UNK of wood ? ? END
outside of cutting your fingers , maybe you would come up with nothing at all , but then again , you might turn out some dandy little gadgets . END
some women get a real thrill out of UNK . END
they love to dust , scrub , polish , wax floors , move the furniture around from place to place , take down the curtains , put up new ones and have themselves a real ball . END
maybe that's your forte . END
it certainly isn't mine . END
i can look at furniture in one spot year in and year out and really feel for sure that's where it belongs . END
perhaps you would like to become a writer . END
this gives you a wide and varied choice . END
will it be short stories , fiction , nonfiction , biography , poetry , children's stories , or even a book if you are really ambitious ? ? END
ever since i was a child , i have always had a UNK to try my hand at writing . END
if you do decide to write , you will soon become acquainted with rejection slips and UNK . END
don't be discouraged ! ! END
this is just being a normal writer . END
just let the rejection slips fall where they may , and keep on UNK , and finally you will make the grade . END
few new writers have their first story accepted , so they tell me . END
but , it could happen , and it may happen to you . END
then there's always UNK , collecting stamps , coins , UNK , salt and pepper UNK , elephants , dogs , dolls , shells , or shall we just say collecting anything your heart desires ? ? END
i can hear some of you folks protesting . END
you say , `` but it costs a lot of money to have a hobby . END
i haven't got that kind of money '' . END
it does cost a lot of money for most UNK but there are UNK that are for free . END
how about a rock collection , or a collection of leaves from different trees or shrubs and in different colors ? ? END
then , take flowers . END
they are many and varied . END
also , there's scrap books , collecting newspaper pictures and clippings , or any items of interest to you . END
it's getting interested in something that counts . END
as for me , i am holding in reserve two huge UNK ( i love UNK ) to put together when time hangs heavy on my hands . END
so far , the covers have never been off the boxes . END
i just don't have time to do half the things i want to do now . END
so in closing , fellow retired members , i advise you to make the most of each day , enjoy each one to the UNK degree . END
travel , if you can . END
keep occupied to the point you are not bored with life and you will truly find these final days and years of your lives to be sunshine sweet . END
to one and all -- good days ahead ! ! END
an important criterion of maturity is creativity . END
the mature person is creative . END
what does it mean to be creative , a term we hear with increasing frequency these days ? ? END
when we turn to UNK webster we find him helpful as usual . END
`` to be creative is to have the ability to cause to exist -- to produce where nothing was before -- to bring forth an original production of human intelligence or power '' . END
we are creative , it seems , when we produce something which has not previously existed . END
thus creativity may run all the way from making a cake , building a chicken UNK , or producing a book , to founding a business , creating a league of nations or , developing a mature character . END
all living creatures from the lowest form of insect or animal life evidence the power of creativity , if it is only to reproduce a form like their own . END
while man shares this UNK function with all his predecessors in the evolutionary process , he is the only animal with a true UNK and conscious creative ability . END
an animal , bird or insect creates either a burrow , or nest or UNK in UNK sameness according to UNK . END
man's great superiority over these evolutionary UNK is in the development of his imagination . END
this gives him the power to form in his mind new image combinations of old memories , ideas and experiences and to project them outside of himself into his environment in new and ever-changing forms . END
it has been truly said that anything man can imagine he can produce or create by projecting this inner image into its counterpart in the objective world . END
in our own time we have seen the most fantastic imagery of a UNK UNK come into actuality . END
the vision of a lord UNK expressed in a poem 100 years ago took visible form over london in the air UNK of 1941 . END
in fact all of our civilized world is the resultant of man's projection of his imagination over the past 60 centuries or more . END
it is in this one aspect , at least , that man seems to be made in the image of his creator . END
not only can man project his imagination out into his environment in concrete forms , but even more importantly , he can turn it inward to help create new and better forms of himself . END
we recognize that young people through imaginative mind and body training can become athletes , UNK , dancers , musicians and artists , developing many potentialities . END
we know that actors can learn to portray a wide variety of character roles . END
by this same combination of the will and the imagination , each one of us can learn to portray permanently the kind of character we would like to be . END
we must realize with prof. charles morris in his the open self that `` man is the being that can continually UNK himself , the UNK that is himself the material for his own creation '' . END
so far in history man has been too greatly UNK with projecting things into his environment rather than first creating the sort of person who can make the highest use of the things he has created . END
is not the present world crisis a race between things we have created which can now destroy us and between populations of sufficient wisdom and character to forestall the tragedy . END
is it not the obligation of us older citizens to lend our weight to being creative on the character side and to UNK our own UNK process ? ? END
sir julian huxley in his book uniqueness of man makes the novel point that just as man is unique in being the only animal which requires a long period of infancy and childhood under family protection , so is he the only animal who has a long period after the decline of his UNK . END
some recent writings assume that the ignorant young couples are a thing of the remote , victorian past ; ; END
that nowadays all UNK are thoroughly familiar with the best UNK and know enough from talk with friends and personal experimentation to take all the anxiety and hazards out of the situation . END
perhaps -- but extensive discussions with contemporary practitioners , family doctors and UNK indicate that this is still an area of enormous ignorance . END
joking and talking may be freer and easier , but the important factual information is still lacking for far too many UNK men and women . END
various factors in the setting can still be of great advantage in making the first intercourse a good rather than a bad memory for one or both . END
privacy must be highly assured both in time and place . END
that is , locking the room or UNK door gives privacy of location , but it is equally important to be sure there is time enough for an utterly UNK fulfillment . END
if the wedding party lasted late , and the travel schedule means there are only a few hours before UNK the trip or making an early start , the husband may forestall tensions and uncertainties by UNK to his bride that lying in each other's arms will be bliss enough for these few hours . END
the consummation should come at the next stopping place when they have a long private time ( day or night ) for that purpose . END
first intercourse for the bride brings with it the various problems connected with virginity and the hymen . END
one thing should be clear to both husband and wife -- neither pain nor UNK bleeding has to occur when the hymen is UNK during the first sex act . END
ignorance on this point has caused a great deal of needless anxiety , misunderstanding and suspicion . END
the hymen is , in essence , a fragile membrane that more or less completely covers the entrance to the vagina in most female human beings who have not had sex relations . END
( hymen , in fact , is the greek word for membrane . END
often it is thin and fragile and gives way readily to the male organ at the first attempt at intercourse . END
as might be expected , girls in this situation UNK very little and perhaps not at all in the process of losing their virginity . END
it is also important to realize that many girls are born without a hymen or at most only a tiny trace of one ; ; END
so that the absence of the hymen is by no means positive proof that a girl has had sex relations . END
but there is a basis in fact for the UNK of the UNK beliefs . END
some UNK are so strongly developed that they cannot be torn without considerable pain to the girl and marked loss of blood . END
more rarely , the hymen is so sturdy that it does not yield to penetration . END
extreme cases are on record in which the doctor has had to use instruments to cut through the hymen to permit marital relations to be consummated . END
these cases , for all their UNK , are so dramatic that friends and relations repeat the story until the general population may get an entirely false notion of how often the hymen is a serious problem to UNK . END
in recent times , when sexual matters began to be discussed more scientifically and more openly , the emotional aspects of virginity received considerable attention . END
obviously , the UNK pair has many adjustments to make to their new situation . END
is it necessary to add to the other tensions the hazard of making the loving husband the one who brought pain to his bride ? ? END
UNK and marriage manuals began to advise that the bride should consult a physician before marriage . END
if he UNK any problem because of the quality of the hymen , it was recommended that simple procedures be undertaken at once to UNK the hymen or , preferably , to UNK it . END
as a natural UNK of this approach it was often suggested that the doctor should complete the preparation for UNK intercourse by UNK the vagina . END
this recommendation was based on the fact that the hymen was not the only barrier to smooth consummation of the sex act . END
the vagina is an organ capable of remarkable contraction and UNK . END
this is obvious when it is remembered that , during UNK , the vagina must UNK enough to permit the passage of the baby . END
the intricate system of muscles that manage the contraction and UNK of the vagina are partly under voluntary control . END
but an UNK UNK may work against the conscious intention of the woman . END
that is , when first penetration takes place , the pressure and pain signals may UNK cause all the vaginal muscles to contract in an effort to bar the UNK and prevent further pain . END
the advantages of UNK by the physician are both physical and psychological . END
since it is a purely professional situation , none of the pain is associated with love-making or the beloved . END
by using instruments of gradually increasing size , the vagina is gently , and with minimum pain at each stage , taught to yield to an object of the appropriate shape . END
in this process the vaginal muscles come under better conscious control by the girl . END
she learns how to relax them to accept -- instead of UNK them to repel -- the entering object . END
apart from the standard problem of controlling the vaginal muscles , other serious barriers may exist that need special UNK treatment . END
it is far better to have such conditions treated in advance than to have them show up on the honeymoon where they can create a really serious situation . END
when no medical problems exist , the newly married couple generally prefer to cope with the adjustments of their new relationship by themselves . END
special information and guidance about the possible difficulties are still of great value . END
UNK , superstition and remembered passages from erotic literature can create physical and emotional problems if blindly taken as scientific facts and useful hints . END
the importance of loving tenderness is obvious . END
the long , UNK approach and the deliberate UNK of UNK work on several levels . END
under the excitement of caresses and sexual stimulation the vagina UNK and UNK and the local moisture greatly increases , providing an excellent UNK to help achieve an easier penetration . END
extensive observations by physicians during vaginal examinations have established the fact that a single finger inserted along the anterior wall ( the top line of the vagina as the woman lies on her back ) may cause a great deal of distress in a virgin . END
but during the same examination , two fingers may be inserted along the posterior wall ( the bottom of the vagina in the same position ) without any pain ; ; END
and in fact without any difficulty if the pressure is kept downward at all times . END
these regional differences of sensitivity to pain may be of crucial significance during the earliest intercourse . END
the husband and wife should start with this anatomical information clearly in mind . END
they may then adjust their positions and movements to avoid too much pressure on the UNK and the anterior wall of the vagina ; ; END
at least until repeated intercourse has UNK it and pain is no longer a possible threat against the full pleasure of love-making . END
in fact , the technical procedure in medical examinations may be wisely adapted to his romantic purposes by the husband during the honeymoon . END
UNK talk often stresses the idea that a man is doing the girl a favor if he is forceful and ruthless during the first penetration . END
the false reasoning is that a gradual advance UNK the pain while a swift powerful act gets it over with and leaves the girl pleased with his UNK and grateful for his UNK in settling the problem once and for all . END
such talk is seriously in error . END
UNK at this time can be a very severe shock to the bride , both physically and psychologically . END
the insistent , forceful penetration may tear and UNK the vaginal walls as well as do excessive damage to the hymen . END
the pain and distress associated with the performance may easily give the wife a UNK dread of marital relations and cause her , unconsciously , to make the sex act unpleasant and difficult for both by exercising her vaginal muscles to UNK his penetration instead of relaxing them to facilitate it . END
serious attention must also be given to the husband's problems in the honeymoon situation . END
the necessity for keeping alert to his bride's hazards can act as an interference with the man's spontaneous desire . END
the emotional stimulation may be so great that he may experience a UNK climax . END
this is a very common experience and should in no way discourage or UNK either husband or wife . END
or the frequent need to check and discipline himself to the UNK pace of the consummation can put him off stride and make it impossible for him to be continuously ready for penetration over a long period . END
the signals to proceed may therefore come when he is momentarily not able to take advantage of them . END
the best course is to recover his physical excitement by a change of pace that makes him ardent again . END
this may require imagination and reminding himself that now he can be demanding and UNK . END
he can take security from the fact that the progress he has made by his gentle approach will not be lost . END
now while he uses talk , caresses or requires caresses from her , his bride will sympathetically understand the situation and eagerly help him restore his physical situation so they can have the consummation they both so eagerly desire . END
the accumulated information on this point shows that first intercourse , even when it is achieved with minimum pain or difficulty , is seldom an overwhelming sexual experience to a woman . END
too many new things are happening for it to be a complete erotic fulfillment . END
only under rare circumstances would a bride experience an orgasm during her first intercourse . END
both man and wife should be aware of the fact that a lack of climax , and even the absence of the anticipated keen pleasure are not a sign that the wife may be cold or frigid . END
if the early approaches are wise , understanding and patient , the satisfactions of marital fulfillment will probably be discovered before the marriage is much older . END
writing in a large volume on the nude in painting and sculptures , titled the nude : a study in ideal form , kenneth clark declares : `` the human body , as a nucleus , is rich in associations . END
it is ourselves and UNK memories of all the things we wish to do with ourselves '' . END
perhaps this is a clue to the amazing variety and power of reactions , attitudes , and emotions precipitated by the nude form . END
the wide UNK of reactions is clearly illustrated in the UNK studies in human sexuality . END
differences were related to social , economic , and educational backgrounds . END
whereas persons of eighth grade education or less were more apt to avoid or be shocked by UNK , those educated beyond the eighth grade increasingly welcomed and approved UNK in sexual relations . END
such understanding helps to explain why one UNK celebrating thirty-five years of married life could declare with some pride that her husband had `` never seen her entirely naked '' , while another woman , UNK an equal number of years of married life , is proud of having `` shared the UNK way of life -- the really free , natural nude life -- for most of that period '' . END
attempts at censorship always involve and reveal such complex and multiple individual reactions . END
the indignant UNK sees the nude or UNK human form as `` UNK and UNK , a threat and danger '' to all the young , or good , or religious , or moral persons . END
the equally ardent UNK of freedom from any kind of censorship may find the nude human form the `` natural , honest , free expression of man's spirit and the UNK of beauty and inspiration '' . END
one is always a little surprised to bump into such individual distinctions when it is unexpected . END
i still recall the mild shock i experienced in reading material of an enthusiastic advocate of the `` clean , UNK , free way of natural life in UNK '' , who seemed to brave much misunderstanding and persecution in fine spirit . END
in tradition and in poetry , the marriage bed is a place of unity and harmony . END
the partners each bring to it UNK love , and each takes away an equal share of pleasure and joy . END
at its most ecstatic moments , husband and wife are elevated far above worldly cares . END
everything else is closed away . END
this is the ideal . END
but marriage experts say that such mutual contribution and mutual joy are seldom achieved . END
instead one partner or the other dominates the sexual relationship . END
in the past , it has been the husband who has been dominant and the wife passive . END
but today there are signs that these roles are being reversed . END
in a growing number of american homes , marriage UNK report , the wife is taking a commanding role in sexual relationships . END
it is she who decides the time , the place , the surroundings , and the frequency of the sexual act . END
it is she who says UNK or UNK to the intimate questions of sexual technique and mechanics -- not the husband . END
the whole act is tailored to her pleasure , and not to theirs . END
beyond a certain point , of course , no woman can be dominant -- nature has seen to that . END
but there is little doubt that in many marriages the wife is boss of the marital bed . END
of course , there remain many `` old-fashioned '' marriages in which the husband maintains his supremacy . END
yet even in these marriages , psychologists say , wives are asserting themselves more strongly . END
the UNK , most submissive wife of today is a tiger by her mother's or UNK standards . END
to many experts , this trend was inevitable . END
they consider it simply a sign of our times . END
our society has `` UNK '' the woman , giving her new independence and new authority . END
it is only natural that she assert herself in the sexual role . END
`` the sexual relationship does not exist in a vacuum '' , declares dr. mary steichen calderone , medical director of the planned parenthood federation of america and author of the recent book , release from sexual tensions . END
`` it reflects what is going on in other areas of the marriage and in society itself . END
a world in which wives have taken a more active role is likely to produce sexual relationships in which wives are more UNK , too '' . END
yet many psychologists and marriage UNK agree that domination of the sex relationship by one partner or the other can be unhealthy and even dangerous . END
it can , in fact , wreck a marriage . END
when a husband is sexually selfish and UNK of his wife's desires , she is cheated of the fulfillment and pleasure nature intended for her . END
and she begins to regard him as savage , UNK and unworthy . END
on the other hand , UNK supremacy UNK the husband , UNK his self-respect , and UNK him of his UNK . END
he is a target of ridicule to his wife , and often -- since private affairs rarely remain private -- to the outside world as well . END
`` a marriage can survive almost any kind of stress except an open and direct challenge to the husband's UNK '' , declares dr. calderone . END
this opinion is supported by one of the nation's leading psychiatrists , dr. maurice e. linden , director of the mental health division of the philadelphia department of public health . END
`` when the roles of husband and wife are reversed , so that the wife becomes leader and the husband UNK '' , dr. linden says , `` the effects on their whole relationship , sexual and otherwise , can be disastrous '' . END
in one extreme case , cited by a pittsburgh psychologist , an office worker's wife refused to have sexual relations with her husband unless he bought her the UNK she demanded . END
to win her favors , her husband first took an additional job , then desperately began to UNK from his employer . END
caught at last , he was sentenced to prison . END
while he was in UNK his wife divorced him . END
more typical is the case of a suburban long island housewife described by a marriage counselor . END
this woman repeatedly complained she was `` too tired '' for marital relations . END
to please her , her husband assumed some of the domestic chores . END
finally , he was cooking , washing dishes , bathing the children , and even ironing -- and still his wife refused to have relations as often as he desired them . END
one wife , described by a new york psychologist , so dominated her husband that she actually placed their sexual relationship on a schedule , writing it down right between the weekly UNK meetings and the UNK neighborhood card parties . END
another put sex on a UNK basis . END
after every money argument , she rebuffed her husband's UNK until the matter was settled in her favor . END
experts say the partners in marriages like these can almost be UNK . END
the wife is likely to be young , sophisticated , smart as a whip -- often a girl who has UNK a promising career for marriage . END
she knows the power of the sex urge and how to use it to manipulate her husband . END
the husband is usually a well-educated professional , preoccupied with his job -- often an organization man whose motto for getting ahead is : `` don't rock the boat '' . END
sometimes this leads to his becoming UNK dominant in marriage . END
UNK in on the job and unable to assert himself , he uses the sex act so he can be supreme in at least one area . END
more often , though , he is so accustomed to submitting to authority on the job without argument that he lives by the same rule at home . END
some psychologists , in fact , suggest that UNK husbands often are more to blame for UNK marriages than their wives . END
the wife's attempt at control , these psychologists contend , is sometimes merely a pathetic effort to compel her husband to pay as much attention to her as he does to his job . END
naturally no woman can ever completely monopolize the sexual initiative . END
unless her husband also desires sex , the act cannot be consummated . END
generally , however , in such marriages as those cited , the husband is at his wife's mercy . END
`` the pattern '' , says dr. morton schillinger , psychologist at new york's lincoln institute for psychotherapy , `` is for the husband to hover about anxiously and eagerly , virtually trembling in his hope that she will flash him the signal that tonight is the night '' . END
no one seriously contends , of course , that the UNK wife is , sexually speaking , a new character in our world . END
after all , the UNK husband with his UNK wife is a comic figure of long standing , in literature and on the stage , as dr. schillinger points out . END
there is no evidence that these UNK became suddenly UNK when they crossed the UNK of the master bedroom . END
furthermore , dr. calderone says , a certain number of docile , retiring men always have been around . END
they aren't `` frigid '' and they aren't UNK ; ; END
they're just restrained in all of life . END
they like to be dominated . END
one such man once confided to dr. UNK UNK , new york psychiatrist , that he preferred to have his wife the sexual UNK . END
asked why , he replied UNK : `` because that's no activity for a gentleman '' . END
but such cases were , in the past , unusual . END
society here and abroad has been built around the UNK male -- even the bible appears to endorse the concept . END
family survival on our own western frontier , for example , could quite literally depend on a man's strength and ability to bring home the bacon ; ; END
and the dependent wife seldom questioned his judgment about anything , including the marriage bed . END
this carried over into the more urbanized late 19th and early 20th centuries , when the man ruled the UNK in the best UNK life with father manner . END
in those days , a wife had mighty few rights in the domestic sphere and even fewer in the sexual sphere . END
`` grandma wasn't expected to like it '' , dr. UNK UNK , the late toronto UNK , once summed up the attitude of the UNK . END
wives of the period UNK thought of themselves as `` used '' by their husbands -- and , history indicates , they often quite literally were . END
when was the turning point ? ? END
when did women begin to assert themselves sexually ? ? END
some date it from woman suffrage , others from when women first began to challenge men in the UNK , still others from the era of the UNK UNK and bathtub gin . END
virtually everyone agrees , however , that the trend toward female sexual aggressiveness was tremendously accelerated with the postwar rush to the suburbs . END
left alone while her husband was miles away in the city , the modern wife assumed more and more duties normally reserved for the male . END
circumstances gave her almost UNK sway over UNK , UNK and home maintenance . END
she found she could cope with all kinds of problems for which she was once considered too helpless . END
she liked this taste of authority and independence , and , with darkness , was not likely to give it up . END
`` very few wives '' , says dr. calderone , `` who balance the checkbook , fix the car , choose where the family will live and deal with the UNK , are suddenly going to become submissive where sex is concerned . END
a woman who dominates other family affairs will dominate the sexual relationship as well '' . END
and an additional factor was helping to make women more sexually UNK -- the comparatively recent discovery of the true depths of female desire and response . END
marriage manuals and women's magazine articles began to stress the importance of the female climax . END
they began to describe in detail the woman's capacity for response . END
in fact , the noted psychologist and sex UNK , dr. albert ellis , has declared flatly that women are `` sexually superior '' to men . END
according to dr. ellis , the average UNK american woman is capable of far greater sexual UNK than her partner . END
not surprisingly , dr. ellis says , some recently enlightened wives are out to claim these capabilities . END
yet , paradoxically , according to dr. maurice linden , many wives despise their husbands for not standing up to them . END
an aggressive woman wants a man to demand , not UNK under . END
`` when the husband becomes passive in the face of his wife's aggressiveness '' , dr. linden says , `` the wife , in turn , finds him inadequate . END
often she fails to gain sexual satisfaction '' . END
one such wife , dr. linden says , became disgusted with her weak husband and UNK through a series of UNK affairs in the hope of finding a stronger man . END
but her personality was such that each affair lasted only until that lover , too , had been UNK and reduced to UNK . END
then the wife UNK to the next on the list . END
in some cases , however , domination of the sex act by one partner can be temporary , triggered by a passing but urgent emotional need . END
thus a man who is UNK a stone wall at the office may become unusually aggressive in bed -- the one place he can still be champion . END
if his UNK problems work out , he may return to his old pattern . END
sometimes a burst of aggressiveness will sweep over a man -- or his wife -- because he or she feels age creeping up . END
on the other hand , a husband who always has been vigorous and UNK may suddenly become passive -- asking , psychologists say , for reassurance that his wife still finds him desirable . END
or a wife may make sudden demands that she be UNK , flattered or UNK , simply because she needs her ego lifted . END
in any case , dr. calderone remarks , such problems are a UNK own affair , and can't always be measured by a general UNK . END
`` as long as the couple is in agreement in their approach to sex , it makes little difference if one or the other dominates '' , dr. calderone declares . END
`` the important point is that both be satisfied with the adjustment '' . END
other experts say , however , that if sexual domination by one or the other partner exists for longer than a brief period , it is likely to shake the marriage . END
and just as domination today often begins with the wife , so the cure generally must lie with the husband . END
`` to get a marriage back where it belongs '' , comments dr. schillinger of the lincoln institute , `` the husband must take some very basic steps . END
he must begin , paradoxically , by becoming more selfish . END
he must become more expressive of his own desires , more demanding and less ' understanding ' '' . END
too many husbands , dr. schillinger continues , worry about `` how well they're doing '' , and fear that their success depends on some trick or technique of sexual play . END
she gave herself a title , lady diana harrington . END
the new york UNK gave her another , the golden girl of cafe society . END
houston police gave her a third , less UNK , title , prostitute . END
and houston police have the final say in the matter since she died there on september 20 , 1960 , `` diane harris graham , 30 , UNK , circumstances -- unusual '' . END
early in her life she had discovered that where there were men , there was money , and with the two came luxury and liquor . END
she was still in the play for pay business when she died , a top UNK who had given the world's oldest profession one of its rare flashes of glamour . END
she never hid the fact that she liked to play . END
her neighbors in the expensive houston apartment building told reporters that the UNK beauty had talked at times about her past as `` the golden girl of the mickey jelke trial '' . END
it was the trial of UNK heir UNK ( mickey ) jelke for compulsory prostitution in new york that put the spotlight on the international UNK . END
( jelke later served 21 months when he was found guilty of UNK a ring of high-priced call girls . END
diane was needed as a material witness in the case and new york police searched three continents before they found her in their own back yard -- in a UNK hotel , of course . END
she had been moving in cafe society as lady diana harrington , a name that made some of the gossip columns . END
it was when she was seized as a material witness that she got the designation she liked best . END
clad in mink and diamonds , she listened to assistant district attorney anthony UNK describe her to the UNK judge : END
`` this girl is the golden girl of cafe society . END
`` in 1951 she was a prostitute in new york county . END
in the spring and early summer of that year she met a wealthy foreign UNK who took her to france , where she later met a very wealthy man and UNK all europe with him . END
`` at UNK she met an egyptian by the name of pulley bey . END
he was the official UNK for king farouk , now in exile . END
she was in egypt during the revolution and had passport difficulty . END
she lied in order to get it . END
`` we have checked her in different parts of europe and egypt and finally back into this country . END
she has been acting as a prostitute . END
`` our information is that she gave the proceeds of her acts to jelke '' . END
diane UNK denied this to the court . END
`` that's a lie . END
i never gave that boy a cent . END
i am not a prostitute , and i had only one very wealthy boy friend '' , she said . END
during the course of the trial , jelke backed up part of that statement . END
`` diane is the type of girl '' , jelke said , `` who wouldn't get loving -- even on her wedding night -- unless you piled up all your money in the middle of the floor '' . END
but she seemed to have UNK the number of her `` boy friends '' . END
she came to new york from detroit as a UNK , but with a `` sponsor '' instead of a UNK . END
as she told it , `` he's a rich boy friend , an old guy about 60 '' . END
she was mary lou brew then , UNK , but not naive . END
she had talked her `` boy friend '' into sending her to new york to take a screen test . END
the screen test was never made -- but diane was . END
she quickly moved into cafe society , possibly UNK her conscience by talking constantly of her desire to be in show business . END
she seemed so anxious to go on the stage that some of her friends in the cocktail circuit set up a practical joke . END
an UNK was introduced to her in a bar as `` mr. UNK , the famous producer '' . END
the phony producer asked her if she would like to be in one of his shows . END
`` i'd love to UNK for you '' , she gushed . END
the UNK was held a few minutes later in somebody's apartment . END
she thought she had great possibilities in the ballet and wanted to show the eminent producer how well she could dance . END
after a few minutes he said , `` i can't use you if you dance like that . END
i'd like to see you dance nude '' . END
diane loved to dance in the nude , something she was to demonstrate time and again . END
she developed another quaint habit . END
even among the fast set in which she was moving , her method for keeping an escort from departing too early was unique . END
when the date would try to bid her UNK at the door , she would tell him , `` if you go home now , i'll scream '' . END
more often than not he would bow to the inevitable . END
one who needed no such threats was a french UNK . END
one of the UNK UNK that he satisfied was for travel . END
she wanted to go around the world , but she settled for a french holiday . END
in an anonymous interview with a french newspaper the UNK told of spending several months with her . END
`` then she went to UNK where she met a member of a powerful greek syndicate of gamblers '' . END
the greek evidently fell for her , `` monsieur x '' UNK , and to UNK what he thought was an affair in the making he gave her 100,000 UNK ( about $300 ) and led her to the roulette tables . END
she could do no wrong at the tables that time . END
and in short order the UNK had pushed several million UNK her way . END
UNK than most gamblers , she slipped away from the UNK , packed her bag and took the night train to paris . END
no one ever learned what happened to the greek . END
the luxury of UNK most fashionable hotel , the george 5 , , bored the UNK blonde , so she UNK it to rome . END
she UNK up with another beauty , whose name has been lost to history , and commenced with some UNK that would have made UNK UNK . END
to climax her roman UNK , she was thrown out of the UNK hotel excelsior after she had run naked through its marble halls screaming for help . END
it was a rugged finish for what must have been a very interesting night . END
UNK italian police described it in a manner typically continental . END
`` there had been a UNK at the party in the UNK bedroom : miss harrington ( this was diane's choice for a roman name ) , another woman who has figured in other very interesting events and one of your well-known american actors . END
`` the actor had had much to drink and apparently became very violent . END
the hotel staff , as well as residents of the excelsior , told us they saw that both ladies were bleeding from scratches as they were seen fleeing down the hall . END
`` they were wearing nothing but their scratches . END
they were asked to leave the hotel . END
no charges were filed '' . END
the girls , after dressing , were indignant . END
`` you can't do this to us '' , diane screamed . END
`` we are americans '' . END
in the morning she found rooms directly across from the excelsior at the equally luxurious hotel ambassador . END
with the ambassador as headquarters , she continued to promote good will abroad . END
of course , her benevolence was limited to those who could afford it , but then there is a limit to what one person can do . END
by this time diane was a UNK UNK of 19 and still seeking her place in the world . END
she thought royal status might come her way when , while she was still in rome , she met pulley bey , a personal UNK to king farouk of egypt . END
a close friend of hers in the roman days described it this way : END
`` it was a strange relationship . END
pulley bey spoke no english . END
diane spoke no italian or french . END
she had a hard time making him understand that it was farouk she wished to meet . END
`` pulley bey insisted that she UNK her favors on him '' , the friend continued . END
it seemed as though she were always UNK . END
no believer in the traditional devotion of royal UNK , the UNK pulley broke the language barrier and UNK her to cairo where she waited for nine months , UNK hoping to see farouk . END
pulley had set her up at the UNK hotel , but she grew impatient waiting for a royal reception and moved to a luxurious apartment to which the royal UNK had no key . END
she picked her own UNK friends from the flock of ardent UNK that UNK around her . END
UNK UNK , UNK UNK and numerous other wealthy members of cairo society enjoyed her company . END
`` so extensive became her circle of UNK '' , egyptian police said , `` that her UNK caused distrust '' . END
the roof was about ready to fall in on diane's little world , but it took nothing less than the egyptian revolution to bring it down . END
when farouk was UNK , police picked up his personal UNK , pulley bey . END
they also called upon diane with a request for a look at her passport . END
the UNK pulley bey , who spoke no english , had taken the passport so that diane couldn't leave the country without his approval . END
officials provided a temporary passport , good only for return to the united states . END
and return to the united states she did , into waiting arms -- the UNK ones of the new york district UNK office . END
held as a material witness in the compulsory prostitution trial of mickey jelke , the UNK UNK was unable to raise bail and was committed to the women's house of UNK , a terribly UNK prison . END
it is a tribute to her talents that she was able to talk the district attorney into having her removed from the prison to a hotel room , with her meals taken at UNK , an excellent italian restaurant . END
newspapers at the time noted that the move indicated that she was UNK with the district attorney . END
with the end of the trial diane disappeared from new york . END
it was no longer fashionable to be seen with fabulous `` lady harrington '' . END
several years ago she married a houston business man , robert graham . END
she later divorced graham , who is believed to have moved to UNK . END
houston police got to know diane two years ago when the vice squad picked her up for questioning about a call girl ring . END
last may , they said , she admitted being a prostitute . END
the next time the police saw her she was dead . END
it was september 20 , 1960 , in a lavishly decorated apartment littered with liquor bottles . END
she had had a party with a regular visitor , dr. william w. mcclellan . END
mcclellan , who had once lost his medical license temporarily on a charge of drug UNK , was with her when she died . END
he had been in the apartment two days and was hazy about what had happened during that time . END
when he realized she was dead , he called two lawyers and then the police . END
when the police arrived , they found mcclellan and the two lawyers sitting and staring silently . END
the UNK nude body was in bed , a green sheet and a pink blanket covered her . END
pictures of her in more glamorous days were on the walls . END
an UNK disclosed a large amount of UNK in diane's body . END
police UNK that a combination of UNK , drink and drugs killed her . END
`` i think that maybe she wanted it this way '' , a vice squad cop said . END
`` a maid told us that she still UNK about getting $50 a date . END
she was on the junk , and they slide fast when that happens . END
at least she never knew what the bottom was like '' . END
i am a carpet salesman . END
i work for one of the biggest chains of retail carpet houses in the east . END
we cater mostly to nice people in the UNK annual income UNK and we run a string of UNK , UNK , UNK suburban stores . END
i am selling the stuff of which is made one of the great american dreams -- UNK UNK . END
there is only one trouble with this big , beautiful dream . END
from where i sit it looks more like a nightmare . END
people come to me with confidence . END
they depend on my supposedly expert knowledge of a trade of which they themselves know little . END
but i knowingly abuse their confidence . END
franklin d. lee proved a man of prompt action when mrs. claire shaefer , accompanied by a friend , visited him in UNK , california , several months ago as a prospective patient . END
`` doctor '' lee asked her to lie down on a bed and remove her shoes . END
then , by squeezing her foot three times , he came up -- UNK -- with a different diagnosis with each squeeze . END
she had -- he informed her -- kidney trouble , liver trouble , and a severe female disorder . END
( he explained that he could UNK these ailments from squeezing her foot because all of the nervous system was connected to it . END
) he knew just the thing for her -- a treatment from his `` cosmic light UNK generator '' machine . END
as he applied the UNK extending from the machine -- which consisted of seven differently colored neon tubes superimposed on a rectangular base -- to the supposedly UNK portions of mrs. UNK body , lee kept up a steady stream of UNK UNK . END
yes , the UNK from his machine would cure practically everything , he assured her . END
did she know , he asked , why the colors of the tubes were important to people's health ? ? END
the human body -- he pointed out , for example -- required 33 units of blue light . END
for that reason , he informed her , the lord made the sky blue . END
continuing glibly in this vein , he paused to comfort her : END
`` don't you worry . END
this machine will cure your UNK body '' . END
`` cancer '' ! ! END
mrs. shaefer practically shrieked . END
`` you didn't tell me i had cancer '' . END
`` you have it , all right . END
but as long as you can have treatment from my machine you have nothing to worry about . END
why , i once used this machine to cure a woman with 97 pounds of cancer in her body '' . END
he urged her to buy one of his machines -- for $300 . END
when she said that she didn't have the money , he said that she could come in for treatment with his office model until she was ready to buy one . END
he then sold her minerals to cure her kidney ailment , a can of UNK `` to make her look like a girl again '' , and an application of plain mud to take her wrinkles away . END
lee renewed his pressure on mrs. shaefer to buy his machine when she visited him the next day . END
after another treatment with the machine , he told her that `` her entire body was shot through with tumors and UNK '' . END
he then sold her some UNK that he asserted would take care of the tumors and UNK until she could collect the money for buying his machine . END
when she submitted to his treatment with the UNK , mrs. shaefer felt intense pain . END
leaving UNK office , mrs. shaefer hurried over to her family physician , who treated her for burned tissue . END
for several days , she was ill as a result of UNK treatment . END
mrs. shaefer never got around to joining the thousand or so people who paid lee some UNK for his UNK machines . END
for mrs. shaefer -- who had been given a clean bill of health by her own physician at the time she visited lee -- and her friend were agents for the california pure food and drug inspection bureau . END
and she felt amply UNK for her suffering when the evidence of UNK quack UNK , gathered by the tape recorder under her UNK clothing , proved adequate in court for UNK franklin d. lee . END
the charge : violation of the california medical practices act by practicing medicine without a license and selling UNK drugs . END
the sentence : 360 UNK confinement in the county jail . END
an isolated case of quackery ? ? END
rather , it is typical of the thousands of quacks who use phony therapeutic devices to UNK themselves on the UNK of hundreds of thousands of americans by UNK them of millions of dollars and UNK them away from legitimate , ethical medical treatment of serious diseases . END
the machine quack makes his UNK goldberg devices out of odds and ends of metals , wires , and radio parts . END
with these gadgets -- impressive to the UNK because of their flashing light UNK , UNK , and UNK -- he then carries out a vicious medical con game , UNK on people's respect for the electrical and atomic wonders of our scientific age . END
he UNK the latest scientific advances , UNK them into his own special buck rogers vocabulary to UNK his fake machines as a cure-all for everything from hay fever to sexual UNK and cancer . END
the gadget UNK operates or sells his phony machines for $5 to $10,000 -- anything the traffic will bear . END
he may call himself a UNK , a UNK , an UNK , a UNK , a UNK , a medical UNK , a UNK , a `` doctor '' -- or what have you . END
not only do these quacks assume impressive titles , but represent themselves as being associated with various scientific or impressive foundations -- foundations which often have little more than a UNK existence . END
the medical device pirate of today , of course , is a far more sophisticated operator than his predecessor of UNK -- the UNK UNK of snake oil and other patent medicines . END
his UNK is therefore far higher -- running into hundreds of millions . END
according to the food and drug administration ( UNK ) , `` doctor '' UNK , dr. albert UNK and his UNK , and dr. wilhelm reich -- to name three notorious device quacks -- succeeded , respectively , in UNK 10,000 , 5000 , and 2000 fake health machines . END
authorities believe that many of the doctor frauds using these false health gadgets are still in business . END
look at the sums paid by two device quack victims in cleveland . END
sarah gross , a dress shop proprietor , paid UNK to a UNK , and mr. a. , a laborer , paid UNK to a UNK for treatment with two fake health machines -- the `` UNK '' and the `` UNK '' . END
multiply these figures by the millions of people known to be UNK by medical pirates annually . END
you will come up with a frightening total . END
that's why the UNK , the american medical association ( UNK ) , and the national better business bureau ( UNK ) have estimated the toll of mechanical quackery to be a substantial portion of the UNK million or so paid to medical UNK annually . END
the postmaster general recently reported that mail order frauds -- among which fake therapeutic devices figure prominently -- are at the highest level in history . END
similarly , the american cancer society ( UNK ) , the UNK and UNK foundation , and the UNK have each stated lately that medical quackery is at a new high . END
for example , the UNK has reported it was receiving four times as many inquiries about quack devices and 10 times as many complaints compared with two years ago . END
authorities hesitate to quote exact figures , however , believing that any sum they come up with is only a surface manifestation -- turned up by their inevitably limited UNK -- of the real UNK of the medical UNK . END
in this sense , authorities believe that all estimates of phony device quackery are conservative . END
the economic toll that the device quack extracts is important , of course . END
but it is our health -- more precious than all the money in the world -- that these modern witch doctors with their fake therapeutic gadgets are gambling away . END
by UNK on the sick , by playing UNK on the hopes of the desperate , by causing the sufferer to delay proper medical care , these medical UNK create pain and misery by their very activity . END
typically , sarah gross and mr. a both lost more than their money as the result of their experiences with their cleveland quacks . END
sarah gross found that the treatments given her for a nervous ailment by the UNK were not helping her . END
as a result , she consulted medical authorities and learned that the devices her quack `` doctor '' was using were phony . END
she suffered a nervous breakdown and had to be UNK . END
mr. a. , her fellow UNK , also experienced a nervous breakdown just as soon as he discovered that he had been UNK of his life savings by the limited UNK who had been treating his wife -- a woman suffering from an UNK disease , multiple UNK -- and himself . END
mr. a has recovered , but he is , justifiably , a bitter man . END
`` that's a lot of UNK money to lose '' , he says today . END
`` neither me nor my wife were helped by that UNK treatments '' . END
and there was the case of tom UNK , a machinist , who was referred by a friend to a health machine quack who treated him with a so-called diagnostic machine for what doctor fraud said was a system full of UNK and strychnine . END
after his pains got worse , tom decided to see a real doctor , from whom he learned he was suffering from cancer of the lung . END
yes , tom caught it in time to stay alive . END
but he's a welfare case now -- a human wreck -- thanks to this modern witch doctor . END
but the machine quack can cause far more than just suffering . END
in such diseases as cancer , tuberculosis , and heart disease , early diagnosis and treatment are so vital that the waste of time by the patient with doctor UNK cure-all gadget can prove fatal . END
moreover , the UNK patient who relies on cure by the quack device and therefore cuts off his UNK intake can be committing suicide . END
in chicago , some time ago , mr. h. , age 27 , a UNK since he was six , stopped using UNK because he had bought a `` magic UNK '' -- a glass tube about the size of a pencil filled with UNK chloride worth a small fraction of a cent -- sold by the UNK company of chicago for UNK as a cure-all . END
`` hang this around your neck or attach it to other parts of your anatomy , and its rays will cure any disease you have '' , said the company . END
mr. h. is dead today because he followed this advice . END
doris hull , suffering from tuberculosis , was taken by her husband to see UNK g. carroll , a UNK -- a licensed UNK UNK -- in UNK . END
carroll UNK mrs. hull by taking a drop of blood from her ear and putting it on his `` UNK '' machine and twirling some UNK ( fee $50 ) . END
his prescription : hot and cold UNK to increase her absorption of water . END
although she weighed only 108 pounds when she visited him , carroll permitted her to go on a UNK fast in which she took nothing but water . END
inevitably , mrs. hull died of starvation and tuberculosis , weighing 60 pounds . END
moreover , her husband and child contracted UNK from her . END
( small wonder a UNK jury awarded the husband UNK for his wife's death . END
in california , a few years ago , a UNK by the name of h. f. bell sold electric blankets as a cure for cancer . END
he did this by the charming practice of buying up used electric blankets for $5 to $10 from survivors of patients who had died , UNK them , and selling them at UNK each . END
when authorities convicted him of practicing medicine without a license ( he got off with a suspended sentence of three years because of his advanced age of 77 ) , one of his victims was not around to testify : he was dead of cancer . END
by no means are these isolated cases . END
`` unfortunately '' , says chief postal inspector david h. stephens , who has prosecuted many device quacks , `` the UNK who trade on the hopes of the desperately ill often cannot be successfully prosecuted because the patients who are the chief witnesses die before the case is called up in court '' . END
have no doubt about it . END
that's where device quackery can lead . END
the evidence shows that fake therapeutic machines , substituted for valid medical UNK , have hastened the deaths of thousands . END
who are the victims of the device quacks ? ? END
authorities say that UNK are a prime target . END
says wallace f. UNK , director of the UNK division of public information : `` quacks are apt to direct their appeal directly to older people , or to UNK from chronic ailments such as UNK , UNK , diabetes , and cancer . END
people who have not been able to get relief from regular medical doctors are especially apt to be taken in by quacks '' . END
the victims of the quacks are frequently poor people , like mr. a. , who UNK up their life savings to offer as a sacrifice to doctor UNK UNK . END
they are often ignorant as well as UNK . END
UNK richard stewart had been irritable and UNK for almost a year . END
his grades had gone steadily downhill , and he had stopped bringing friends and classmates home from school . END
mr. and mrs. stewart were puzzled and concerned . END
then one day UNK UNK jimmy , from next door , let the cat out of the bag . END
the youngsters in the UNK class had UNK dick `` bugs UNK '' because his teeth protruded . END
when richard's parents told him they wanted to take him to an orthodontist -- a dentist who UNK in UNK teeth and jaws -- their young son was interested . END
during the year that followed , dick UNK UNK with the dentist and was delighted with the final result achieved -- an upper row of strong straight teeth that completely changed his UNK appearance . END
richard stewart is no special case . END
`` the majority of children in the united states could benefit by some form of orthodontic treatment '' , says dr. allan g. brodie , professor and head of the department of UNK at the university of illinois and a nationally recognized authority in his field . END
what do parents need to know about those `` years of the braces '' in order not to waste a child's time and their money ? ? END
how can they tell whether a child needs orthodontic treatment ? ? END
why and when should UNK be undertaken ? ? END
what is it likely to cost ? ? END
UNK is the UNK expression for the way teeth fit together when the jaws are closed . END
malocclusion , or a bad fit , is what parents need to look out for . END
one main type of malocclusion is characterized by a receding chin and UNK upper front teeth . END
a chin too prominent in relation to the rest of the face , a thrusting forward of the lower front teeth , an UNK lower UNK , and an underdeveloped upper jaw indicate the opposite type of malocclusion . END
these two basic UNK have , of course , many variations . END
a child probably requires some form of treatment if he has any of the following conditions : END
a noticeable UNK of the upper or lower jaw . END
UNK , UNK , twisted , or widely spaced teeth . END
front teeth not meeting when the back teeth close . END
upper teeth completely covering the UNK when the back teeth close . END
the UNK ( third from the middle on top , counting each front tooth as the first ) beginning to UNK like UNK . END
second teeth that have come in before the first ones have fallen out , making a double row . END
contrary to the thinking of 30 to 40 years ago , when all malocclusion was blamed on some unfortunate habit , recent studies show that most tooth irregularity has at least its beginning in UNK predisposition . END
however , this does not mean that a child's teeth or jaws must necessarily resemble those of someone in his family . END
tooth UNK may be the result of excessive UNK or UNK , UNK , or UNK -- but it's important to remember that there's a difference between normal and excessive sucking habits . END
it's perfectly normal for babies to suck their UNK , and no mother need worry if a child continues this habit until he is two or three years old . END
occasional sucking up to the fifth year may not affect a UNK teeth ; ; END
but after that , if UNK pressure is frequent , it will have an effect . END
malocclusion can also result if baby teeth are lost too soon or retained too long . END
if a child loses a UNK at the age of two , the adjoining teeth may shift toward the empty space , thus narrowing the place intended for the permanent ones and producing a jumble . END
if baby teeth are retained too long , the incoming second teeth may be prevented from emerging at the normal time or may have to UNK in the wrong place . END
every orthodontist sees children who are embarrassed by their malformed teeth . END
some such youngsters rarely smile , or they try to speak with the mouth closed . END
in certain cases , as in dick UNK , a child's personality is affected . END
yet from the UNK point of view , UNK teeth should be corrected for physical reasons . END
bad alignment may result in early loss of teeth through a breakdown of the bony structure that supports their roots . END
this serious condition , popularly known as UNK , is one of the chief causes of tooth loss in adults . END
then , too , misplaced or UNK teeth are prone to UNK food particles , increasing the likelihood of rapid decay . END
`` for these and other reasons '' , says dr. brodie , `` UNK can UNK the life of teeth '' . END
the failure of teeth to fit together when closed UNK with normal chewing , so that a child may swallow food whole and put a burden on his UNK system . END
because of these chewing troubles , a child may avoid certain foods he needs for adequate nutrition . END
badly placed teeth can also cause such a speech handicap as UNK . END
the when and how of straightening END
`` most orthodontic work is done on children between the ages of 10 and 14 , though there have been patients as young as two and as old as 55 '' , says dr. brodie . END
in the period from 10 to 14 the permanent set of teeth is usually completed , yet the continuing growth of bony tissue makes moving badly placed teeth comparatively easy . END
orthodontic work is possible because teeth are held firmly but not rigidly , by a system of UNK membrane with an involved nerve network , to the bone in the jaw ; ; END
they are not anchored directly to the bone . END
UNK pressure , applied over a period of time , produces a change in the bony deposit , so a tooth functions normally in the new position into which it has been guided . END
what can 10-year-old susan expect when she enters the UNK office ? ? END
on her first visit the orthodontist will take x-rays , photographs , tooth measurements , and `` tooth prints '' -- an impression of the mouth that permits him to study her teeth and jaws . END
if he decides to proceed , he will UNK for susie an appliance consisting of bands , plastic plates , fine wires , and tiny springs . END
this appliance will exert a gentle and continuous or UNK pressure on the bone . END
as the tooth moves , bone cells on the pressure side of it will dissolve , and new ones will form on the side from which the tooth has moved . END
this must be done at the rate at which new bony tissue grows , and no faster . END
`` if teeth are moved too rapidly , serious injury can be done to their roots as well as to the surrounding bone holding them in place '' , explains dr. brodie . END
`` moving one or two teeth can affect the whole system , and an UNK plan of treatment can disrupt the growth pattern of a child's face '' . END
during the first few days of wearing the appliance and immediately following each adjustment , susan may have a slight discomfort or UNK , but after a short time this will disappear . END
parents are often concerned that orthodontic appliances may cause teeth to decay . END
when in place , a UNK band actually protects the part of the tooth that is covered . END
next susie will enter the treatment stage and visit the orthodontist once or twice a month , depending on the severity of her condition . END
during these visits the dentist will adjust the braces to increase the pressure on her teeth . END
last comes the retention stage . END
UNK teeth have now been guided into a desirable new position . END
but because teeth sometimes may drift back to their original position , a retaining appliance is used to lock them in place . END
usually this is a thin band of wire attached to the UNK and stretching across the teeth . END
susie may wear this only at night or for a few hours during the day . END
then comes the time when the last wire is removed and susie walks out a UNK and more attractive girl than when she first went to the orthodontist . END
how long will this take ? ? END
straightening one tooth that has come in wrong may take only a few months . END
UNK all the teeth may take a year or more . END
an added complication such as a malformed jaw may take two or three years to correct . END
what is the cost ? ? END
the charge for a complete UNK job differs in various parts of the country . END
work that might cost $500 to UNK in the south could cost UNK to UNK in new york city or chicago . END
an average national figure for two to three years of treatment would be UNK to $1,000 . END
`` factors in the cost of treatment are the length of time involved and the skill and education of the UNK '' , says dr. brodie . END
to become an orthodontist , a man must first be licensed by his state as a dentist , then he must spend at least two years in additional training to acquire a license as a specialist . END
`` costs may seem high , but they used to be even higher '' , says dr. brodie . END
`` fees are about half to a third of what they were 25 years ago '' . END
people today are aware of the value of UNK , and as a result there are more practitioners in the field . END
most UNK require an initial payment to cover the cost of diagnostic materials and construction of the appliances , but usually the remainder of the cost may be spread over a period of months or years . END
in many cities in the united states UNK associated with dental schools will take patients at a nominal fee . END
some municipal agencies will pay for orthodontic treatment for children of needy parents . END
growth studies have been carried on consistently by UNK . END
dr. brodie has UNK records of head growth , started 20 minutes after children's births . END
`` in the past anyone who said that 90% of all malocclusion is UNK was UNK at ; ; END
now we know that family characteristics do affect tooth formation to a large extent '' , he says . END
`` fortunately through our growth studies we have been able to see what nature does , and that helps us know what we can do '' . END
this knowledge both UNK and dictates diagnosis and treatment . END
for example , a boy may inherit a small jaw from one ancestor and large teeth from another . END
in the past an orthodontist might have tried , over four or five years , to straighten and fit the boy's large teeth into a jaw that , despite some growth , would never accommodate them . END
now a dentist can recommend extraction immediately . END
in other cases , in view of present-day knowledge of head growth , UNK will recommend waiting four or five years before treatment . END
the child is kept on call , and the orthodontist watches the growth . END
`` nature often takes care of the problem '' , says dr. brodie . END
`` a child with a certain type of head and teeth will outgrow tooth UNK '' . END
that is why dr. brodie asks parents not to insist , against their UNK advice , that their child have orthodontic work done too early . END
`` both because of our UNK stress on beauty and our improved economic conditions , some parents demand that the dentist try to correct a problem before it is wise to do so . END
let the orthodontist decide the proper time to start treatment '' , he urges . END
superior new material for orthodontic work is another result of research . END
plastics are easier to handle than the UNK rubber formerly used , and they save time and money . END
plaster of paris , once utilized in making impressions of teeth , has been replaced by UNK ( UNK material ) that work quickly and accurately and with least discomfort to a child . END
as a rule , the earlier general dental treatment is started , the less expensive and more satisfactory it is likely to be . END
`` after your child's baby teeth are all in -- usually at the age of two and one half to three -- it's time for that first dental appointment '' , dr. brodie UNK . END
`` then see that your youngster has a routine UNK once a year '' . END
to help prevent orthodontic problems from arising , your dentist can do these things : END
he can correct decay , thus preventing early loss of teeth . END
if a child does lose his first teeth UNK because of decay -- and if no preventive steps are taken -- the other teeth may shift out of position , become UNK and malformed . END
in turn the other teeth are likely to decay because food particles may become UNK in them . END
from time to time the medium mentions other people `` around him '' , who were `` on the other side '' , and reports what they are saying . END
after a while there come UNK and names , and he is interested to hear some rather unusual family UNK . END
as the hour progresses , the sensitive seems to probe more deeply and to make more personal and specific statements . END
there are a few UNK of coming events . END
another medium , another sitter , would produce a somewhat different content , but in general it would probably sound much like the foregoing reading . END
some mediums speak in practical , down-to-earth terms , while others may stress the spiritual . END
not all , as a matter of fact , consider themselves `` mediums '' in the sense of receiving messages from the deceased . END
in fact , some UNK rule this out , UNK to consider their expression as strictly UNK perception ( esp ) , on this side of the `` veil '' . END
however that may be , people are known to go to mediums for diverse reasons . END
perhaps they are mourning a recent death and want comfort , to feel in touch with the deceased , or seek indications for future plans . END
they may , of course , be curiosity UNK -- or they may just be interested in the phenomenon of UNK . END
the mediums with whom the UNK foundation is working in this experiment are in a waking or only slightly UNK state , so that the sitter can make comments , ask and answer questions , instead of talking with a `` control '' who speaks through an UNK sensitive . END
what we have here is in some ways more like an ordinary conversation . END
but it is not really only a conversation . END
many a sitter ( in a personal sitting ) has been amazed to realize that the medium was describing very vividly his state of mind . END
he himself might not have been really aware of his own mood ; ; END
it had been latent , unspecified , UNK and only partly realized -- until she described it to him ! ! END
most striking indeed is this UNK ability to put a finger on `` UNK '' moods and to clarify them . END
however , in the next visit that the UNK made to the medium , he did not receive a personal reading . END
instead he brought with him the names of some people he had never met and of whom the medium knew nothing . END
for this was to be a `` proxy sitting '' . END
as was noted earlier , it is important that in valid , objective study of this sort of communication , the interested sitter should be separated from the sensitive . END
dr. UNK UNK , director of research at the UNK foundation , described the basis for the experiment in a tomorrow article , ( `` new research on survival after death '' , spring 1958 ) . END
he remarked : `` it has been clearly established that in a number of instances the message did not come from a spirit but was received UNK by the medium from the sitter '' . END
the possibility has to be ruled out that the UNK esp may tap the memory of the sitter , and to do this , the two central characters in this drama must be separated . END
one way to do this is by `` proxy UNK '' , wherein the person seeking a message does not himself meet with the medium but is represented by a substitute , the proxy sitter . END
if the latter knows nothing about the absent sitter except his name ( given by the experimenter ) , he cannot possibly give any clues , conscious or unconscious , far less ask leading questions . END
all he can do is to be an objective and careful UNK , seeking to help the sensitive in UNK and making more specific her UNK impressions . END
sometimes in these experiments `` appointment UNK '' are used . END
here the absent sitter makes a `` date '' with a UNK ( someone close to him who is deceased ) , asking him to `` come in '' at a certain hour , when a channel will be open for him . END
in this case the proxy sitter will know only the name of the UNK , nothing else . END
he gives this to the medium at the appointed time , and the reading then will be concerned with material about or messages from the UNK . END
as always , a tape recording or detailed notes are made , and a UNK of this is sent to the absent sitter . END
so this proxy situation has set up at least a partial barrier between the UNK esp and the absent UNK mind . END
it is now harder to assume UNK as a basis for the statements -- though research still does not know how far UNK esp can range . END
now the original absent sitter must decide whether the statements are meaningful to him . END
here again laboratory approaches are being evolved , for it is recognized how `` elastic '' these readings can be , how they can apply to many people , and are often stated in general terms all too easily applied to any individual's own case . END
if you look at a reading meant for someone else , you will probably see that many of the items could be considered as applicable to you , even when you were not in the picture at all ! ! END
an interested sitter may think the sensitive has made a `` hit '' , describing something accurately for him , but can he really be sure that another sitter , hearing the same statement , would not apply it subjectively to his own circumstances ? ? END
it is , of course , easy to see how `` j '' will mean uncle jack to one person and little jane to another . END
`` a journey '' , `` a little white house '' , `` a change of outlook '' , can apply to many people . END
and even more complex items can be interpreted to conform to one's own point of view , which is by nature so personal . END
one sitter may think `` a leather couch '' identifies a reading as surely directed to him ; ; END
to another , it seems that nobody but his father ever used the phrase , `` UNK boy '' ! ! END
to get around this quite difficult corner , there is one first aid to UNK : prevent the distant sitter from knowing which reading was for him . END
if he is not told which of four or five readings was meant for him , he can more readily assess each item in a larger frame : `` does that statement really sound as if it were for me , significant in my particular life ? ? END
or am i taking something that could really apply to almost anybody , and forgetting that many other people probably have had a similar experience '' ? ? END
conversely , experimenters would consider as impressive such statements as the following , which , if they turned out to be hits , are so unusual as to be really significant : END
`` he had four children , two sets of twins . END
after being a lawyer for twenty-five years he started studying for the ministry . END
part of his house had been moved to the other side of the road . END
he died of UNK in 1921 '' . END
methods have been developed of assigning `` weights '' to statements ; ; END
that is , it is known empirically that names beginning with r are more common than those beginning with z ; ; END
that fewer women are named UNK than elizabeth ; ; END
that in the united states more people die of heart disease than of UNK . END
so each reading can be given a weight and each reading a score by adding up these weights . END
specific dates would be important , as would double names . END
various categories have been explored to find out about these `` empirical probabilities '' against which to measure the readings . END
in the UNK foundation's long-range experiment , readings are made by a variety of UNK for a large number of cooperating UNK , trying to throw light on this question of the significance of UNK statements . END
it is very important indeed , in the field of UNK perception and its relation to the survival hypothesis , to know whether the statements are actually only those which any intuitive person might venture and an eager sitter attach to himself . END
or , on the other hand , are unlikely facts being stated , facts which are in themselves significant and not easily applicable to everybody ? ? END
that is one thing the experiments are designed to find out . END
so , after the sitting has been held , several readings at one time are mailed , and the distant sitter ( whose name or whose UNK name was given to the medium ) must mark each little item as correct ( hit ) , incorrect ( miss ) , doubtful , or especially significant ( applying to him and , he feels , not to anyone else ) . END
he is required to mark every item and to indicate which reading he feels is actually his . END
all these evaluations are then UNK up and tabulated , by adding up the hits and UNK , with the weight placed on those in the UNK own reading . END
that is , if he marks as most correct a reading not meant for him , the total experimental score falls . END
conversely , if he gives a heavy rating to his own reading , and finds more accurate facts in it than in the others , a point is UNK up for the intrinsic , objective UNK of this type of UNK material . END
and there are some positive results , though the final findings will not be known for a long time -- and then further research can be formulated . END
in another approach to the same procedure , the content of the readings is analyzed so as to see how the particular medium is likely to UNK her statements . END
does she often speak of locations , of cause of death ? ? END
does she accurately give dates , ages , kind of occupation ? ? END
it is possible to find out in which categories most of her correct statements fall , and where she makes most of her `` hits '' . END
now when , so to speak , the cream has been skimmed off , and the items in the successful categories separated out , the sitter can be asked to consider and rate only this concentrated `` cream '' , where the sensitive is at her best . END
UNK impressions are evidently of all sorts and seem to involve all the senses . END
`` i feel cold '' , the medium says , or `` my leg UNK '' , `` my head is heavy '' . END
or perhaps she hears words or sounds : `` there's such a noise of loud machinery '' , or `` i hear a child crying '' , or `` he says we're all here and glad to see you '' . END
maybe an entire scene comes into consciousness , with action and motion , or a static view : `` a house under a pine tree , with a little stone path going up to the door '' . END
the sensitive often seems to smell definite odors , too , or subjectively feels emotions . END
sometimes she displays amazing UNK imagery and seems to see all details in perspective , as if the scene were actually there . END
if pressed by the sitter for more detail , she may be able to bring the picture more into focus and see more sharply , almost as if she were physically going closer . END
if asked how she gets her impressions , she probably can only say that she `` just gets them '' -- some more vividly than others . END
perhaps this is not so extraordinary after all . END
even in normal experience one gets impressions without knowing exactly how -- of atmosphere , of one another's personalities , moods , intentions . END
of course , there is an element of training here : these gifted people , by concentration , study , guidance , have learned to develop their power . END
simply using it increases its intensity , i was told by one sensitive . END
nor does a medium automatically know how to interpret her imagery . END
impressions often appear in a symbolic form and cannot be taken at face value . END
it is apparently by symbols that the unconscious speaks to the conscious , and the medium has to translate these into meaning . END
if communication with an entity on the `` other side '' is taking place , this too may assume the form of UNK symbolism . END
during one reading an image appeared of a prisoner in irons . END
but this did not necessarily refer to an actual jail ; ; END
taken with other details it could have referred to a state of mental or spiritual confinement . END
in this connection it is worth noting how names are sometimes obtained . END
though they are often heard UNK , as if a voice were speaking them , in other cases they are UNK visually as symbols : a slope to UNK the name `` hill '' , for instance . END
one medium saw two sheets flapping on a line and found that the name UNK was significant to the sitter . END
the farmer's life must be arranged to meet the demands of crops and livestock . END
livestock must be tended every day , UNK . END
a slight change in the work schedule may cut the production of cows or chickens . END
even if there are no livestock , the farmer cannot leave the farm for long periods , particularly during the growing season . END
the worker who lives on a farm cannot change jobs readily . END
he cannot leave the farm to take work in another locality on short notice ; ; END
such a move may mean a loss of capital . END
hard physical labor and undesirable hours are a part of life . END
the farmer must get up early , and , at times , work late at night . END
frequently he must work long hours in the hot sun or cold rain . END
no matter how well work is planned , bad weather or unexpected UNK can cause extra work that must be caught up . END
it may not be profitable for a part-time farmer to own the UNK machinery that a full-time farmer can UNK in profitably . END
production may fall far below expectations . END
drought , hail , disease , and insects take their toll of crops . END
sickness or loss of some of the livestock may cut into the UNK earnings , even into his capital . END
returns for money and labor invested may be small even in a good year . END
the high cost of land , supplies , and labor make it difficult to farm profitably on a part-time basis . END
land within commuting distance of a growing city is usually high in price , higher if it has subdivision possibilities . END
part-time farmers generally must pay higher prices for supplies than full-time farmers because they buy in smaller quantities . END
if the farm is in an industrial area where wages are high , farm labor costs will also be high . END
a part-time farmer needs unusual skill to get as high production per hen , per cow , or per acre as can be obtained by a competent full-time farmer . END
it will frequently be UNK for him to own the most UNK equipment . END
he may have to depend upon custom service for specialized operations , such as spraying or UNK , and for these , he may have to wait his turn . END
there will be losses caused by emergencies that arise while he is away at his UNK job . END
the farm may be an additional burden if the main job is lost . END
this may be true whether the farm is owned or rented . END
if the farm is rented , the rent must be paid . END
if it is owned , taxes must be paid , and if the place is not free of mortgage , there will be interest and payments on the principal to take care of . END
a farm provides a wholesome and UNK environment for children . END
it gives them room to play and plenty of fresh air . END
the children can do chores adapted to their age and ability . END
caring for a calf , a pig , or some chickens develops in children a sense of responsibility for work . END
part-time farming gives a measure of security if the regular job is lost , provided the farm is owned free of debt and furnishes enough income to meet fixed expenses and minimum living costs . END
for some retired persons , part-time farming is a good way to supplement retirement income . END
it is particularly suitable for those who need to work or exercise out of doors for their health . END
generally , the same level of living costs less in the country than in the city . END
the savings are not as great , however , as is sometime supposed . END
usually , the cost of food and shelter will be somewhat less on the farm and the cost of transportation and utilities somewhat more . END
where schools , fire and police protection , and similar municipal services are of equal quality in city and country , real estate taxes are usually about the same . END
a part-time farmer and his family can use their spare time profitably . END
some persons consider the work on a farm recreational . END
for some UNK workers it is a welcome change from the regular job , and a physical conditioner . END
land , labor , and equipment needed END
part-time farming can take comparatively little land , labor , and equipment -- or a great deal . END
it depends on the kind and the scale of the farming operation . END
general requirements for land , labor , and equipment are discussed below . END
specific requirements for each of various types of enterprises are discussed on pages 8 to 14 . END
three quarters to 1 acre of good land is enough for raising fruits and vegetables for home use , and for a small flock of chickens , a cow , and two pigs . END
you could not , of course , raise feed for the livestock on a plot this small . END
if you want to raise feed or carry out some enterprise on a larger scale , you'll need more land . END
in deciding how much land you want , take into account the amount you'll need to bring in the income you expect . END
but consider also how much you and your family can keep up along with your other work . END
the cost of land and the prospects for appreciation in value may influence your decision . END
some part-time farmers buy more land than they need in anticipation of suburban development . END
this is a highly speculative venture . END
sometimes a desired acreage is offered only as part of a larger tract . END
when surplus land is not expensive to buy or to keep up , it is usually better to buy it than to buy so small an acreage that the development of adjoining properties might impair the residential value of the farm . END
if you have a year-round , full-time job you can't expect to grow much more than your family uses -- unless other members of the family do a good deal of the work or you hire help . END
as a rule , part-time farmers hire little help . END
in deciding on the enterprises to be managed by family labor , compare the amount of labor that can be supplied by the family with the labor needs of various enterprises listed in table 1 . END
list the number of hours the family can be expected to work each month . END
you may want to include your own regular vacation period if you have one . END
do not include all your spare time or all your family's spare time -- only what you are willing to use for farm work . END
if you are going to produce for home use only , you will need only hand tools . END
you will probably want to hire someone to do the plowing , however . END
for larger UNK , you'll need some kind of power for plowing , UNK , UNK , and UNK . END
if you have a planting of half an acre or more you may want to buy a small garden tractor ( available for $300 to $500 with attachments , 1960 prices ) . END
these tractors are not entirely satisfactory for plowing , particularly on heavier soils , so you may still want to hire someone to do the plowing . END
cost of power and machinery is often a serious problem to the UNK farmer . END
if you are going to farm for extra cash income on a part-time basis you must keep in mind the needed machinery investments when you choose among farm enterprises . END
you can keep your machinery investment down by buying good UNK machinery , by sharing the cost and upkeep of machinery with a neighbor , and by hiring someone with machinery to do certain jobs . END
if an expensive and specialized piece of machinery is needed -- such as a spray rig , a combine , or a UNK -- it is better to pay someone with a machine to do the work . END
before you look for a farm you'll need to know ( 1 ) the kind and scale of farming you want to undertake ; ; END
and ( 2 ) whether you want to buy or rent . END
information on pages 8 to 14 may help you in deciding on the kind and scale of your farming venture . END
if you are not well acquainted with the area in which you wish to locate , or if you are not sure that you and your family will like and make a success of farming , usually you would do better to rent a place for a year or two before you buy . END
discussed below are some of the main things to look for when you select a part-time farm . END
choose a location within easy commuting distance of both the regular job and other employment opportunities . END
then if you change jobs you won't necessarily have to sell the farm . END
the presence of alternative job opportunities also will make the place easier to sell if that should become desirable . END
obviously the farm should be on an UNK road . END
if you grow anything to sell you will need markets nearby . END
if you plan to sell fresh vegetables or whole milk , for example , you should be close to a town or city . END
look for a farm in a neighborhood of well-kept homes . END
there are slums in the country as well as in the city . END
few rural areas are protected by zoning . END
a UNK , filling station , junk yard , rendering plant , or some other business may go up near enough to hurt your home or to hurt its value . END
facilities in the area . END
check on the schools in the area , the quality of teaching , and the provision for transportation to and from them . END
find out whether fire protection , sewage system , gas , water UNK , and electrical lines are available in the locality . END
if these facilities are not at the door , getting them may cost more than you expect . END
you may have to provide them yourself or get along without them . END
you cannot get along without an adequate supply of pure water . END
if you are considering a part-time farm where the water must be provided by a well , find out if there is a good well on the farm or the probable cost of having one drilled . END
a pond may provide adequate water for livestock and garden . END
pond water can be filtered for human use , but most part-time farmers would not want to go to so much trouble . END
the following amounts of water are needed per day for livestock and domestic uses . END
is the land suited to the crops you intend to raise ? ? END
if you can't tell , get help from your county agricultural agent or other local specialist . END
soil type , drainage , or degree of slope can make the difference between good crops and poor ones . END
small areas that aren't right for a certain crop may lie next to areas that are well suited to that crop . END
will the house on any part-time farm you are considering make a satisfactory full-time residence ? ? END
how much will it cost to do any necessary UNK and UNK ? ? END
if the house is not wired adequately for electricity or if plumbing or a central heating system must be installed , check into the cost of making these improvements . END
the value of the farm to you will depend on -- END
its worth as a place to live . END
the value of the products you can raise on it . END
the possibilities of selling the property later on for suburban subdivision . END
decide first what the place is worth to you and your family as a home in comparison with what it would cost to live in town . END
take into account the difference in city and county taxes , insurance rates , utility rates , and the cost of travel to work . END
next , estimate the value of possible earnings of the farm . END
to do this , set up a plan on paper for operating the farm . END
list the kind and quantity of things the farm can be expected to produce in an average year . END
estimate the value of the produce at normal prices . END
the total is the probably gross income from farming . END
to find estimated net farm income , UNK estimated annual farming expenditures from probable gross income from farming . END
include as expenditures an allowance for depreciation of farm buildings and equipment . END
also count as an expense a charge for the labor to be contributed by the family . END
it may be hard to decide what this labor is worth , but charge something for it . END
otherwise , you may pay too much for the farm and get nothing for your labor . END
to figure the value of the farm in terms of investment income , divide the estimated annual net farm income by the percentage that you could expect to get in interest if the money were invested in some other way . END
everyone with a personal or group tragedy to relate had to be given his day in court as in some vast collective UNK . END
for almost two months , the defendant and the world heard from individuals escaped from the grave about fathers and mothers , UNK , adolescents , babies , UNK , beaten to death , strangled , UNK , UNK , burned . END
one who had been a boy in UNK had to tell how children had been selected by height for the gas chambers . END
the UNK humor of the nazis was not forgotten -- the gas chamber with a sign on it with the name of a jewish foundation and bearing a copper star of david -- nor the UNK UNK of ss officers . END
public relations strategists everywhere , watching the reaction of the german press , the liberal press , the UNK press , listening to their neighbors , studying interviews with men and women on the street , cried out : too much , too much -- the mind of the audience is becoming UNK , the horrors are losing their effect . END
and still another witness , one who had crawled out from under a heap of corpses , had to tell how the victims had been forced to lay themselves head to foot one on top of the other before being shot . END
most of this testimony may have been legally admissible as bearing on the corpus UNK of the total nazi crime but seemed subject to question when not tied to the part in it of the UNK department of jewish affairs . END
counsel for the defense , however , UNK allowing himself to be swept by the current of dreadful UNK , rarely raised an objection . END
would not the emotional catharsis eventually brought on by this UNK have a UNK , if not UNK , effect likely to improve his client's chances ? ? END
those who feared `` UNK '' at the trial showed less understanding than dr. UNK of the route by which man achieves the distance necessary for fairness toward enemies . END
UNK came largely from the bench , which numerous times UNK the attorney general for letting his witnesses run on , though it , too , made no serious effort to choke off the flow . END
but there was a contrast even more decisive than a hunger for fact between the trial in jerusalem and those in moscow and new york . END
in each of the last , the trial marked the beginning of a new course : in moscow the liquidation of the old UNK and the tightening of stalin's dictatorship ; ; END
in the united states the initiation of militant UNK , with the UNK UNK in the UNK . END
these trials were properly termed `` political cases '' in that the trial itself was a political act producing political consequences . END
but what could the eichmann trial initiate ? ? END
of what new course could it mark the beginning ? ? END
the eichmann case looked to the past , not to the future . END
it was the conclusion of the first phase of a process of tragic recollection , and of UNK the recollection , that will last as long as there are jews . END
as such , it was beyond politics and had no need of justification by a `` message '' . END
`` it is not an individual that is in the dock at this historical trial '' -- said ben UNK , `` and not the nazi regime alone -- but anti-semitism throughout history '' . END
how could supplying eichmann with a platform on which to maintain that one could UNK in the murder of millions of jews without being an UNK contribute to a verdict against anti-semitism ? ? END
and if it was not an individual who was in the dock , why was the trial , as we shall observe later , all but UNK in the attempt to prove eichmann a `` UNK '' ? ? END
these questions touch the root of confusion in the UNK case . END
it might be contended , of course , that eichmann in UNK denying anti-semitic feelings was lying or insisting on a private definition of anti-semitism . END
but in either event he was the wrong man for the kind of case outlined by ben UNK and set forth in the indictment . END
in such a case the defendant should serve as a clear example and not have to be tied to the issue by argument . END
one who could be linked to anti-semitism only by overcoming his objections is scarcely a good specimen of the UNK throughout the ages . END
shout at eichmann though he might , the prosecutor could not establish that the defendant was UNK the way he felt about jews or that what he did feel fell into the generally recognized category of anti-semitism . END
yes , he believed that the jews were `` enemies of the reich '' , and such a belief is , of course , typical of `` patriotic '' UNK ; ; END
but he believed in the UNK in a kind of abstract , theological way , like a member of a cult speculating on the nature of things . END
the real question was how one passed from anti-semitism of this sort to murder , and the answer to this question is not to be found in anti-semitism itself . END
in regard to eichmann , it was to be found in the nazi outlook , which contained a principle separate from and far worse than anti-semitism , a principle by which the poison of anti-semitism itself was made more UNK . END
perhaps under the guidance of this nazi principle one could , as eichmann declared , feel personally friendly toward the jews and still be their murderer . END
not through fear of UNK orders , as eichmann kept trying to explain , but through a peculiar UNK that began in a UNK of the vicious UNK contained in the nazi interpretation of history and grew with each of hitler's victories into a permanent UNK and sense of magical UNK that was able to respond to any proposal , and the more UNK the better , `` well , let's try it '' . END
at any rate , the substance of eichmann's testimony was that all his actions flowed from his membership in the party and the ss , and though the prosecutor did his utmost to prove actual personal hatred of jews , his success on this score was doubtful and the anti-semitic lesson weakened to that extent . END
but if the trial did not expose the special nazi mania so deadly to jews as well as to anyone upon whom it happened to light , neither did it warn very effectively against the ordinary anti-semitism of which the nazis made such effective use in germany and wherever else they could find it . END
if anti-semitism was on trial in jerusalem , why was it not identified , and with enough emphasis to capture the notice of the world press , in its connection with the activities of eichmann's department of jewish affairs , as UNK by the betrayal and murder of jews by UNK and UNK UNK in germany , as well as in poland , czechoslovakia , hungary ? ? END
the infamous UNK conference called by UNK in january 1942 , to organize the material and technical means to put to death the eleven million jews spread throughout the nations of europe , was attended by representatives of major organs of the german state , including the reich minister of the interior , the state secretary in charge of the four year plan , the reich minister of justice , the under secretary of foreign affairs . END
the measures for annihilation proposed and accepted at the conference affected industry , transportation , civilian agencies of government . END
UNK , in opening the conference , followed the reasoning and even the UNK of the order issued earlier by UNK which authorized the final solution as `` a complement to '' previous `` solutions '' for eliminating the jews from german living space through violence , economic UNK , forced UNK , and evacuation . END
in other words , the UNK of the murder plan made clear that physically UNK the jews was but an extension of the anti-semitic measures already operating in every phase of german life , and that the new conspiracy counted on the general anti-semitism that had made those measures effective , as a readiness for murder . END
this , in fact , it turned out to be . END
since the magnitude of the plan made secrecy impossible , once the wheels had began to turn , persons controlling german industries , social institutions , and armed forces became , through their anti-semitism or their tolerance of it , conscious UNK of hitler's crimes ; ; END
whether in the last degree or a lesser one was a matter to be determined individually . END
what more could be asked for a trial intended to warn the world against anti-semitism than this opportunity to expose the exact link between the respectable UNK and the UNK brute ? ? END
not in eichmann's anti-semitism but in the anti-semitism of the sober german man of affairs lay the potential warning of the trial . END
no doubt many of the citizens of the third reich had conceived their anti-semitism as an `` innocent '' dislike of jews , as do others like them today . END
the final solution proved that the UNK of any variety UNK himself as being UNK in the criminality and UNK of others . END
ought not an UNK trial have made every effort to demonstrate this once and for all by showing how representative types of `` mere '' UNK were drawn step by step into the program of UNK and UNK ? ? END
the prosecutor in his opening remarks did refer to `` the UNK of anti-semitism '' among the germans which hitler `` stimulated and transformed '' . END
but if there was evidence at the trial that aimed over eichmann's head at his collaborators in the societies where he UNK , the press seems to have missed it . END
nor did the trial devote much attention to exposing the usefulness of anti-semitism to the nazis , both in building their own power and in destroying that of rival organizations and states . END
certainly , one of the best ways of warning the world against anti-semitism is to demonstrate its workings as a dangerous weapon . END
eichmann himself is a model of how the myth of the UNK can be used to transform the ordinary man of present-day society into a menace to all his neighbors . END
do UNK everywhere know enough about how the persecution of the jews in germany and later in the occupied countries contributed to UNK the populations , UNK apart individuals and groups , UNK the UNK and most UNK impulses , UNK trust and personal dignity , and finally forcing people to follow their masters into the abyss by making them partners in unspeakable crimes ? ? END
the career of eichmann made the trial a potential UNK for anti-semitic UNK : fearful of being mistaken for a jew , he seeks protection in his nazi uniform ; ; END
clinging to the UNK idea , he is forced to overcome habits of politeness and UNK ; ; END
once in power he begins to give vent to a criminal UNK that causes him to alternate between UNK and envy of those above him . END
`` is this the type of citizen you desire '' ? ? END
the trial should have asked the nations . END
but though this characterization in no way diminished eichmann's guilt , the prosecutor , more deeply involved in the tactics of a criminal case than a political one , would have none of it . END
finally , if the mission of the trial was to convict anti-semitism , how could it have failed to post before the world the contrasting UNK of the countries in which the final solution was aided by native UNK -- i.e. , germany , poland , hungary , czechoslovakia -- and those in which it met the obstacle of human solidarity -- denmark , holland , italy , UNK , france ? ? END
should not everyone have been awakened to it as an outstanding fact of our time that the nations poisoned by anti-semitism proved less fortunate in regard to their own freedom than those whose citizens saved their jewish UNK from the transports ? ? END
wasn't this meaning of eichmann's experience in various countries worth UNK ? ? END
as the first collective confrontation of the nazi outrage , the trial of eichmann represents a recovery of the jews from the shock of the death camps , a recovery that took fifteen years and which is still by no means complete ( though let no one believe that it could be hastened by silence ) . END
only across a distance of time could the epic accounting begin . END
it is already difficult to recall how little we knew before the trial of what had been done to the jews of europe . END
it is not that the facts of the persecution were unavailable ; ; END
most of the information elicited in jerusalem had been brought to the surface by the numerous war crimes tribunals and investigating commissions , and by reports , memoirs , and UNK accounts . END
in UNK , n.y. , , in 1952 , a roman catholic hospital presented seven protestant physicians with an UNK to quit the planned parenthood federation or to UNK from the hospital staff . END
three agreed , but four declined and were suspended . END
after a flood of protests , they were UNK at the beginning of 1953 . END
the peace of the community was badly disturbed , and people across the nation , reading of the incident , felt uneasy . END
in new york city in 1958 , the city's commissioner of hospitals refused to permit a physician to provide a protestant mother with a UNK device . END
he thereby precipitated a bitter controversy involving protestants , jews and roman catholics that continued for two months , until the city's board of hospitals lifted the ban on birth-control therapy . END
a year later in albany , n.y. , a roman catholic hospital barred an UNK surgeon because of his connection with the planned parenthood association . END
immediately , the religious groups of the city were UNK in an angry dispute over the alleged invasion of a man's right to freedom of religious belief and conscience . END
these incidents , typical of many others , UNK the distressing fact that no controversy during the last several decades has caused more tension , UNK and strife among religious groups in this country than the birth-control issue . END
it has flared up periodically on the front pages of newspapers in communities divided over UNK regulations in municipal hospitals and health and UNK agencies . END
it has erupted on the national level in the matter of including birth-control information and material in foreign aid to underdeveloped countries . END
where it is not actually UNK , it UNK and UNK in sullen resentment like a UNK , ready to explode at any moment . END
the time has come for citizens of all UNK to unite in an effort to remove this divisive and UNK issue from the political and social life of our nation . END
the first step toward the goal is the establishment of a new atmosphere of mutual good will and friendly communication on other than the UNK level . END
instead of emotional UNK , loaded phrases and UNK , we need a UNK study of the facts , a better understanding of the opposite viewpoint and a more serious effort to extend the areas of agreement until a solution is reached . END
`` all too frequently '' , points out james UNK , managing editor of UNK , `` catholics run UNK over protestant sensibilities in this matter , by failure to consider the reasoning behind the protestant position and , particularly , by their UNK at the fact that protestant opinion on birth control has changed in recent decades '' . END
all too often our language is unduly harsh . END
the second step is to recognize the substantial agreement -- frequently blurred by UNK and inaccurate newspaper reporting -- already existing between catholics and non-catholics concerning the over-all objectives of family planning . END
instead of UNK being obliged or even encouraged to UNK the greatest possible number of offspring , as many non-catholics imagine , the ideal of responsible parenthood is stressed . END
family planning is encouraged , so that parents will be able to provide properly for their offspring . END
pope UNK 12 , declared in 1951 that it is possible to be exempt from the normal obligation of parenthood for a long time and even for the whole duration of married life , if there are serious reasons , such as those often mentioned in the so-called medical , UNK , economic and social `` indications '' . END
this means that such factors as the health of the parents , particularly the mother , their ability to provide their children with the necessities of life , the degree of population density of a country and the shortage of housing facilities may UNK be taken into consideration in determining the number of offspring . END
these are substantially the same factors considered by non-catholics in family planning . END
the laws of many states permit birth control only for medical reasons . END
the roman catholic church , however , sanctions a much more liberal policy on family planning . END
catholics , protestants and jews are in agreement over the objectives of family planning , but disagree over the methods to be used . END
the roman catholic church sanctions only abstention or the rhythm method , also known as the use of the UNK or safe period . END
the church considers this to be the method provided by nature and its divine author : it involves no frustration of UNK laws , but simply an intelligent and disciplined use of them . END
with the exception of the roman catholic and the orthodox catholic churches , most churches make no moral distinction between rhythm and mechanical or chemical contraceptives , allowing the couple free choice . END
there is a difference in theological belief where there seems little chance of agreement . END
the grounds for the church's position are UNK ( old testament ) , the teachings of the fathers and doctors of the early church , the unbroken tradition of nineteen centuries , the decisions of the highest ecclesiastical authority and the natural law . END
the latter plays a prominent role in roman catholic theology and is considered decisive , entirely apart from scripture , in determining the ethical character of UNK methods . END
the roman catholic UNK tradition regards as self-evident that the primary objective purpose of the UNK act is procreation and that the UNK of the mutual love of the spouses is the secondary and subjective end . END
this conclusion is based on two UNK : that man by the use of his reason can ascertain god's purpose in the universe and that god makes known his purpose by certain `` given '' physical arrangements . END
thus , man can readily UNK that the primary objective end of the UNK act is procreation , the propagation of the race . END
moreover , man may not UNK or frustrate the physical arrangements established by god , who through the law of rhythm has provided a natural method for the control of conception . END
believing that god is the author of this law and of all laws of nature , roman catholics believe that they are obliged to obey those laws , not frustrate or mock them . END
let it be granted then that the theological differences in this area between protestants and roman catholics appear to be UNK . END
but people differ in their religious beliefs on scores of doctrines , without taking up arms against those who disagree with them . END
why is it so different in regard to birth control ? ? END
it is because each side has sought to implement its distinctive theological belief through legislation and thus indirectly force its belief , or at least the practical consequences thereof , upon others . END
it is always a temptation for a religious organization , especially a powerful or dominant one , to impose through the clenched fist of the law its UNK viewpoint upon others . END
both roman catholics and protestants have succumbed to this temptation in the past . END
consider what happened during world war 1 , , when the protestant churches united to push the prohibition law through congress . END
many of them sincerely believe that the use of liquor in any form or in any degree is intrinsically evil and UNK . END
with over four million american men away at war , protestants forced their distinctive theological belief upon the general public . END
with the return of our soldiers , it soon became apparent that the belief was not shared by the great majority of citizens . END
the attempt to enforce that belief UNK in a reign of UNK , UNK , UNK and gangsters that led to a breakdown of law UNK in our history . END
the so-called `` noble experiment '' came to an UNK end . END
that UNK , painful and costly experience shows clearly that a law expressing a moral judgment cannot be enforced when it has little correspondence with the general view of society . END
that experience holds a lesson for us all in regard to birth control today . END
up to the turn of the century , contraception was condemned by all christian churches as immoral , unnatural and contrary to divine law . END
this was generally reflected in the civil laws of christian countries . END
today , the roman catholic and orthodox churches stand virtually alone in holding that conviction . END
the various UNK conferences , expressing the anglican viewpoint , mirror the gradual change that has taken place among protestants generally . END
in 1920 , the UNK conference repeated its 1908 condemnation of contraception and issued `` an UNK warning against the use of unnatural means for the avoidance of conception , together with the grave dangers -- physical , moral , and religious -- thereby incurred , and against the evils which the extension of such use threaten the race '' . END
denouncing the view that the sexual union is an end in itself , the conference declared : `` we UNK uphold what must always be regarded as the governing considerations of christian marriage . END
one is the primary purpose for which marriage exists , namely , the continuance of the race through the gift and heritage of children ; ; END
the other is the paramount importance in married life of deliberate and thoughtful UNK '' . END
the conference called for a vigorous campaign against the open or secret sale of contraceptives . END
in 1930 , the UNK conference again affirmed the primary purpose of marriage to be the procreation of children , but conceded that , in certain limited circumstances , contraception might be morally legitimate . END
in 1958 , the conference endorsed birth control as the responsibility laid by god on parents everywhere . END
many other protestant denominations preceded the UNK in such action . END
in march , 1931 , 22 out of 28 members of a committee of the federal council of churches ratified artificial methods of birth control . END
`` as to the necessity '' , the committee declared , `` for some form of effective control of the size of the family and the spacing of children , and consequently of control of conception , there can be no question . END
there is general agreement also that sex union between husbands and wives as an expression of mutual affection without relation to procreation is right '' . END
since then , many protestant denominations have made separate UNK , in which they not only approved birth control , but declared it at times to be a religious duty . END
what determines the morality , they state , is not the means used , but the motive in general , the means ( excluding abortion ) that prove most effective are considered the most ethical . END
this development is reflected in the action taken in february , 1961 , by the general board of the national council of churches , the largest protestant organization in the aj . END
the board approved and commended the use of birth-control devices as a part of christian responsibility in family planning . END
it called for opposition to laws and institutional practices restricting the information or availability of contraceptives . END
the general board declared : `` most of the protestant churches hold contraception and periodic UNK to be morally right when the motives are right . END
the general protestant conviction is that motives , rather than methods , form the primary moral issue , provided the methods are limited to the prevention of conception '' . END
an action once universally condemned by all christian churches and forbidden by the civil law is now not only approved by the overwhelming majority of protestant denominations , but also deemed , at certain times , to be a positive religious duty . END
this viewpoint has now been translated into action by the majority of people in this country . END
repeated polls have disclosed that most married couples are now using contraceptives in the practice of birth control . END
for all concerned with UNK legislation , the significance of this radical and revolutionary change in the thought and habits of the vast majority of the american people is clear , profound and far-reaching . END
to try to oppose the general religious and moral conviction of such a majority by a legislative fiat would be to invite the same breakdown of law and order that was occasioned by the ill-starred prohibition experiment . END
this brings us to the fact that the realities we are dealing with lie not in the field of civil legislation , but in the realm of conscience and religion : they are moral judgments and matters of theological belief . END
conscience and religion are concerned with private sin : the civil law is concerned with public crimes . END
only confusion , failure and anarchy result when the effort is made to impose upon the civil authority the impossible task of UNK private homes to preclude the possibility of sin . END
among the chief victims of such an UNK imposition would be religion itself . END
on april 17 , UNK , the sturdy little UNK bark , discovery , weighed anchor in st. UNK pool , london , and floated down the UNK toward the sea . END
she carried , besides her captain , a crew of twenty-one and provisions for a voyage of exploration of the arctic waters of north america . END
seventeen months later , on september 6 , UNK , an irish fishing boat sighted the discovery UNK eastward outside UNK bay . END
when she reached port , she was found to have on board only eight men , all near starvation . END
the captain was gone , and the mate was gone . END
the man who now commanded her had started the voyage as an ordinary seaman . END
what disaster struck the discovery during those seventeen months ? ? END
what happened to the fourteen missing men ? ? END
these questions have remained one of the great sea mysteries of all time . END
for hundreds of years , the evidence available consisted of ( 1 ) the captain's fragmentary journal , ( 2 ) a highly prejudiced account by one of the survivors , ( 3 ) a note found in a dead man's desk on board , and ( 4 ) several UNK reports . END
all told , they offered a highly confused picture . END
but since 1927 , researchers digging into ancient court records and legal files have been able to find illuminating pieces of information . END
not enough to do away with all doubts , but sufficient to give a fairly accurate picture of the events of the voyage . END
historians have had two reasons for UNK so long in their investigations . END
first , they wanted to clarify a tantalizing , bizarre enigma . END
second , they believed it important to determine the fate of the captain -- a man whose name is permanently stamped on our maps , on american towns and counties , on a great american river , and on half a million square miles of arctic seas . END
the name : henry hudson . END
this is the story of his last tragic voyage , as nearly as we are able -- or ever , probably , will be able -- to determine : END
the sailing in the spring of UNK was hudson's fourth in four years . END
each time his objective had been the same -- a direct water passage from western europe to the far east . END
in UNK and UNK , the english UNK company had sent him northward to look for a route over the north pole or across the top of russia . END
twice he had failed , and the UNK company indicated it would not back him again . END
in UNK , the dutch east india company hired hudson , gave him two learned UNK , fitted him out with a ship called the half moon , and supplied him with dutch sailors . END
this time he turned westward , to the middle atlantic coast of north america . END
his chief discovery was important -- the great north ( later , the hudson ) river -- but it produced no northwest passage . END
when the half moon put in at dartmouth , england , in the fall of UNK , word of hudson's findings leaked out , and english interest in him revived . END
the government UNK hudson to return to UNK with his ship . END
he thereupon went to london and spent the winter talking to men of wealth . END
by springtime , he was supported by a rich merchant syndicate under the patronage of henry , prince of wales . END
he had obtained and UNK a veteran ship called the discovery and had recruited a crew of twenty-one , the largest he had ever commanded . END
the purpose of this fourth voyage was clear . END
a century of exploration had established that a great land mass , north and south america , lay between europe and the indies . END
one by one , the openings in the coast that promised a passage through had been explored and discarded . END
in fact , hudson's sail up the great north river had disposed of one of the last hopes . END
but there remained one mysterious , unexplored gap , far to the north . END
nearly twenty-five years before , captain john davis had noted , as he sailed near the arctic circle , `` a very great gulf , the water whirling and roaring , as it were the meeting of tides '' . END
he named this opening , between UNK island and UNK , the `` furious UNK '' . END
( later , it was to be called hudson strait . END
in UNK , george UNK , in the same little discovery that hudson now commanded , had sailed 300 miles up the strait before his frightened men turned the ship back . END
hudson now proposed to sail all the way through and test the seas beyond for the UNK UNK . END
even hudson , experienced in arctic sailing and determined as he was , must have had UNK as he slid down the UNK . END
ahead were perilous , UNK waters . END
on previous UNK , it had been in precisely such dangerous situations that he had failed as a leader and captain . END
on the second voyage , he had turned back at the frozen island of UNK UNK and UNK given the crew a certificate stating that he did so of his own free will -- which was obviously not the case . END
on the third voyage , a UNK rising from a quarrel between dutch and english crew members on the half moon had almost forced him to head the ship back to UNK in UNK . END
worse , his present crew included five men who had sailed with him before . END
of only one could he be sure -- young john hudson , his second son . END
the mate , robert juet , who had kept the journal on the half moon , was experienced -- but he was a bitter old man , ready to complain or desert at any opportunity . END
philip staffe , the ship's carpenter , was a good worker , but UNK independent . END
arnold UNK and michael UNK were like the rest -- lukewarm , ready to swing against hudson in a crisis . END
but men willing to sail at all into waters where wooden ships could be crushed like eggs were hard to find . END
hudson knew he had to use these men as long as he remained an explorer . END
and he refused to be anything else . END
it is believed that hudson was related to other UNK men of the UNK company and was trained on company ships . END
he was a UNK , married , with three sons . END
( the common misconception that he was dutch and that his first name was UNK stem from dutch documents of his third voyage . END
) in UNK , hudson was probably in his early forties , a good UNK , a stubborn UNK , but otherwise fatally UNK to his chosen profession . END
hudson's first error of the fourth voyage occurred only a few miles down the UNK . END
there at the UNK edge waited one henry greene , whom hudson listed as a `` clerk '' . END
greene was in actuality a young UNK from kent , who had broken with his parents in order to keep the company he preferred -- UNK , UNK and UNK . END
he was not the sort of sailor hudson wanted his backers to see on board and he had greene wait at UNK , where the discovery picked him up . END
for the first three weeks , the ship UNK up the east coast of great britain , then turned westward . END
on may 11 , she reached iceland . END
poor winds and fog locked her up in a harbor the crew called `` UNK bay '' . END
the subsequent UNK wait made the crew UNK . END
with hudson looking on , his UNK greene picked a fight with the ship's surgeon , edward wilson . END
the issue was settled on shore , greene winning and wilson remaining ashore , determined to catch the next fishing boat back to england . END
with difficulty , hudson persuaded him to UNK the ship , and they sailed from iceland . END
early in june , the discovery passed `` desolation '' ( southern UNK ) and in UNK entered the `` furious UNK '' . END
floating ice bore down from the north and west . END
fog hung over the route constantly . END
turbulent tides rose as much as fifty feet . END
the ship's compass was useless because of the UNK of the magnetic north pole . END
as the UNK grew larger , hudson was forced to turn south into what is now UNK bay , an inlet of the great strait . END
after finding that its coasts led nowhere , however , he turned north again , toward the main , UNK passageway -- and the crew , at first uneasy , then frightened , rebelled . END
the trouble was at least partly UNK doing . END
for weeks he had been saying that hudson's idea of sailing through to java was absurd . END
the great , crushing ice masses coming into view made him sound like the voice of pure reason . END
a group of sailors announced to hudson that they would sail no farther . END
instead of UNK the UNK , as many UNK of the era would have done ( sir francis UNK UNK a man's head off under similar circumstances ) , hudson decided to be reasonable . END
he went to his cabin and emerged carrying a large chart , which he set up in view of the crew . END
patiently , he explained what he knew about their course and their objectives . END
when hudson had finished , the `` town meeting '' broke down into a general , UNK argument . END
one man remarked that if he had a hundred pounds , he would give ninety of them to be back in england . END
up spoke carpenter staffe , who said he wouldn't give ten pounds to be home . END
the statement was effective . END
the meeting broke up . END
hudson was free to sail on . END
all through july the discovery picked her way along the UNK strait , avoiding ice and rocky islands . END
on august 3 , two massive UNK reared out of the UNK -- great UNK never before , so far as hudson knew , seen by europeans . END
to UNK was a cape a thousand feet high , patched with ice and snow , populated by thousands of screaming sea birds . END
to port was a point 200 feet high rising behind to a UNK of 2,000 feet . END
hudson named the capes UNK and UNK , for two of his backers . END
hudson pointed the discovery down the east coast of the newly discovered sea ( now called hudson bay ) , confident he was on his way to the warm waters of the pacific . END
after three UNK swift sailing , however , the ship entered an area of shallow marshes and river UNK . END
the great `` sea to the UNK '' was a dead end . END
this must have been hudson's UNK discovery . END
for he seemed to sense at once that before him was no south sea , but the solid bulk of the north american continent . END
this was the bitter end , and hudson seemed to know he was destined to failure . END
UNK , he tried to brush away this intuition . END
north and south , east and west , back and forth he sailed in the UNK bay , plowing furiously forward until land appeared , then turning to repeat the process , day after day , week after week . END
hundreds of miles to the north , the route back to england through the `` furious UNK '' was again filling with ice . END
the men were at first puzzled , then UNK by the aimless UNK . END
once more , UNK complaints were the loudest . END
hudson's reply was to accuse the mate of UNK . END
juet demanded that hudson prove his charges in an open trial . END
the trial was held september 10 . END
hudson , presiding , heard UNK defense , then called for testimony from crew members . END
juet had made plentiful enemies , several men stepped forward . END
hands on bible , seaman UNK and carpenter staffe swore that juet had tried to persuade them to keep UNK and swords in their cabins . END
cook UNK UNK said juet had predicted UNK on the ship . END
others added that juet had wanted to turn the ship UNK . END
hudson UNK juet and cut his pay . END
the new mate was robert UNK , talented but inexperienced . END
there were other shifts and pay cuts according to the way individuals had conducted themselves . END
the important result , however , was that juet and francis UNK , the UNK UNK , became hudson's sworn enemies . END
as hudson resumed his desperate UNK of the little bay , every incident lessened the UNK respect for him . END
once , after the discovery lay for a week in rough weather , hudson ordered the anchor raised before the sea had calmed . END
just as it was being hauled UNK , a sea hit the ship . END
michael butt and UNK moore were thrown off the UNK and badly injured . END
the anchor cable would have been lost overboard , but philip staffe was on hand to UNK it with his axe . END
thomas douglas , fifth earl of selkirk , a noble UNK UNK concerned with the plight of the UNK of his native highlands , conceived a plan to settle them in the valley of the red river of the north . END
since the land he desired lay within the great northern empire of the hudson's bay company , he purchased great blocks of the UNK stock with the view to controlling its policies . END
having achieved this end , he was able to buy UNK square miles in the valleys of the red and UNK rivers . END
the grant , which stretched southward to lake traverse -- the headwaters of the red -- was made in may , UNK , and by october of that year a small group of scots was settling for the winter at york factory on hudson bay . END
thus at the same time that william henry UNK was preparing to UNK the aborigines of indiana territory and winning fame at the battle of UNK , anglo-saxon settlement made a great leap into the center of the north american continent to the west of the american agricultural frontier . END
seven hundred miles south of york factory , at `` the forks '' of the red and the UNK , twenty-three men located a settlement in august 1812 . END
by october the little colony about fort douglas ( present-day UNK ) numbered 100 . END
within a few years the scots , engaged in breaking the thick UNK and stirring the rich soil of the valley , were joined by a group called UNK . END
the latter , members of two UNK of swiss mercenaries transported by great britain to canada to fight the americans in the war of 1812 , had settled in montreal and kingston at the close of the war in 1815 . END
selkirk persuaded eighty men and four officers to go to red river where they were to serve as a military force to protect his settlers from the hostile northwest company which resented the UNK of farmers into the fur UNK empire . END
the mercenaries were little interested in farming and added nothing to the output of the farm plots on which all work was still done with UNK as late as 1818 . END
it was the low yield of the selkirk plots and the UNK of grasshoppers in 1818 that led to the UNK of the settlement southward . END
when late in the summer the full extent of the damage was assessed , all but fifty of the scots , swiss and UNK moved up the red to the mouth of the pembina river . END
here they built huts and a stockade named fort daer after selkirk's UNK in scotland . END
the new site was somewhat warmer than fort douglas and much closer to the great herds of buffalo on which the settlement must depend for food . END
the selkirk settlers had been anticipated in their move southward by british fur traders . END
for many years the northwest company had its southern headquarters at prairie du chien on the mississippi river , some 300 miles southeast of present-day st. paul , minnesota . END
when in UNK an act of congress forced the foreign firm out of the united states , its UNK employees , now become american citizens -- joseph UNK , joseph UNK and UNK UNK -- continued in the fur business . END
on big stone lake near the headwaters of the red river , robert UNK , superintendent of the western indian department of canada , had a trading post and planned in 1818 to build a fort to be defended by twenty men and two small artillery pieces . END
his trading goods came from canada to the forks of red river and from selkirk's settlement he brought them south in carts . END
these carts were of a type devised in pembina in the days of alexander henry the younger about a decade before the selkirk colony was begun . END
in UNK henry referred to `` our new carts '' as being about four feet off the ground and carrying five times as much as a horse could pack . END
they were held together by UNK and UNK and in later times drawn by a single ox in UNK . END
it was UNK who suggested to lord selkirk that he return to the atlantic coast by way of the united states . END
in september 1817 at fort daer ( pembina ) UNK met the noble lord whom , with the help of a band of sioux , he escorted to prairie du chien . END
during the trip selkirk decided that the route through illinois territory to indiana and the eastern united states was the best route for goods from england to reach red river and that the united states was a better source of supply for many goods than either canada or england . END
upon arriving at baltimore , selkirk on december 22 wrote to john quincy adams , secretary of state at washington , inquiring about laws covering trade with `` missouri and illinois territories '' . END
this traffic , he declared UNK , `` UNK it might be of small account at first , would increase with the progress of our settlements . END
the route which he had traveled and which he believed might develop into a trade route was followed by his settlers earlier than he might have expected . END
in 1819 grasshoppers again destroyed the crop at `` the forks '' ( fort douglas ) and in december 1819 , twenty men left fort daer for the most UNK american UNK at prairie du chien . END
it was a three-month journey in the dead of winter followed by three months of labor on UNK boats . END
with these completed and ice gone from the st. peter's river ( present-day minnesota river ) their 250 bushels of wheat , 100 bushels of oats and barley and 30 bushels of peas and some chickens were loaded onto the flat-bottomed boats and UNK up the river to big stone lake , across into lake traverse , and down the red . END
they reached fort douglas in june UNK . END
this epic effort to secure seed for the colony cost selkirk UNK . END
nevertheless so short was the supply of seed that the settlers were forced to retreat to fort daer for food . END
thereafter seed and food became more plentiful and the colony remained in the north the year round . END
activity by british traders and the presence of a colony on the red prompted the united state war department in 1819 to send UNK henry UNK from detroit to put a post 300 miles northwest of prairie du chien , until then the most advanced united states post . END
in september UNK two companies of infantry arrived at the mouth of the st. peter's river , the head of navigation on the mississippi , and began construction of fort st. anthony which , upon completion , was UNK in honor of its commander , colonel UNK snelling . END
it was from the american UNK that red river UNK of livestock were to be made good . END
UNK l. UNK , fur trader and merchant at prairie du chien , contracted to supply selkirk's people with some 300 head of cattle , and UNK UNK and UNK UNK were hired as UNK . END
UNK , after leaving fort snelling in august 1821 , was forced to leave some of the cattle at the hudson's bay company's post on lake traverse `` in the UNK country '' and reached fort garry , as the selkirk hudson's bay company center was now called , late in the fall . END
he set out on his UNK return journey with five families of UNK and disappointed swiss who turned their eyes toward the united states . END
observing their distressing condition , colonel snelling allowed these UNK immigrants to settle on the military reservation . END
as these swiss were moving from the selkirk settlement to become the first civilian residents of minnesota , UNK of UNK , michigan , and prairie du chien was traveling to red river to open a trade in merchandise . END
early in UNK he was at fort garry offering to bring in pork , flour , liquor and tobacco . END
alexander UNK , governor of red river , and james bird , a chief factor of the hudson's bay company , ordered such `` sundry articles '' to a value of UNK . END
for its part the hudson's bay company was troubled by the approach of american settlement . END
as the time drew near for the drawing of the UNK frontier by terms of the agreement of 1818 , the company suspected that the pembina colony -- its own post and fort daer -- was on american territory . END
accordingly selkirk's agents ordered the settlers to move north , and by october , john UNK had torn down both posts , floating the timber to `` the forks '' in UNK . END
`` i have done everything '' , he wrote , `` to break up the whole of that unfortunate establishment . END
'' despite company threats , duly carried through , to cut off supplies of powder , ball , and thread for fishing UNK , about 350 persons stayed in the village . END
they would attempt to bring supplies from st. louis or prairie du chien at `` great expense as well as danger '' . END
at fort garry some of the swiss also decided to cast their lot with the united states , and in UNK several families paid guides to take them to fort snelling . END
the disasters of UNK caused more to leave . END
after heavy rains and an onslaught of mice , snow fell on october 15 , UNK , and remained on the ground through a winter so cold that the ice on the red was five feet thick . END
in april came a rapid thaw that produced high waters which did not UNK until UNK . END
on june 24 more than 400 families started the three-month trip across the plains to the mississippi . END
by fall , UNK survivors of this arduous journey were clustered about fort snelling , but most of them were sent on to UNK and st. louis , with a few going as far as UNK , indiana , a notable swiss center in the united states . END
in UNK , UNK red river people with more than 200 cattle were living on the reservation at fort snelling . END
below the fort , high bluffs extended UNK for six miles along the mississippi river . END
at the point where they ended , another settlement grew up around a chapel built at the boat landing by father lucian UNK in 1840 . END
its people , including pierre UNK and other american fur company employees and the refugees from fort garry , were joined by the remaining scots and swiss from fort snelling when major joseph UNK expelled them from the reservation in may 1840 . END
the resultant town , UNK in UNK and named for the patron of father UNK mission , st. paul , was to become an important center of the fur trade and was to take on a new interest for those UNK who remained at red river . END
while population at fort garry increased rapidly , from UNK in UNK to UNK in 1840 , economic opportunities did not increase at a similar rate . END
accordingly , though the practice violated the UNK provision of the selkirk charter which reserved all such activity in merchandise and furs to the hudson's bay company , some settlers went into trade . END
the company maintained a store at which products of england could be purchased and brought in goods for the new merchants on the understanding that they refrain from trading in furs . END
despite this UNK , by 1844 some of the fort garry merchants were trading with the indians for furs . END
in june 1845 , the governor and council of UNK imposed a 20 per cent duty on imports via hudson's bay which were viewed as aimed at the `` very UNK of the company's trade and power '' . END
to reduce further the flow of goods from england , the company's local officials asked that its london authorities refrain from UNK any more trade goods to these men . END
with their customary source of supply cut off , the fort garry free traders engaged three men to cart goods to them from the mississippi country . END
others carried UNK from `` the forks '' to st. paul and goods from st. paul to red river , as in the summer of UNK when one trader , wells , transported twenty barrels of whisky to the british settlement . END
this trade was subject to a tariff of 7.5 per cent after february UNK , but much was UNK into UNK with the result that the duty was reduced by UNK to 4 per cent on the initiative of the london committee . END
the trade in a few commodities noted above was to grow in volume as a result of changes both north and south of the UNK parallel . END
the letters of the common soldiers are rich in humor . END
indeed , no richer humor is to be found in the whole of american literature than in the letters of the UNK men who wore the blue and the gray . END
some of their figures of speech were colorful and expressive . END
a confederate observed that the yankees were : `` thicker than UNK on a hen and a dam site UNK '' . END
another reported that his comrades were `` in fine spirits pitching around like a blind dog in a meat house '' . END
a third wrote that it was `` raining like UNK peas on a UNK '' . END
yanks were equally adept at figurative expression . END
one wrote : `` ( i am so hungry ) i could eat a rider off his horse & snap at the UNK '' . END
a second reported that the UNK houses in virginia `` look like the latter end of original sin and hard times '' . END
a third remarked of slowness of southerners : `` they moved about from corner to corner , as uneasy as a UNK of hungry UNK on the neck of a wooden god '' . END
still another , annoyed by the UNK of a recently received UNK , wrote : `` UNK letter was short and sweet , jist like a roasted UNK '' . END
a yankee sergeant gave the following description of his sweetheart : `` my girl is none of your UNK girls . END
she is a regular UNK and UNK , double UNK . END
she is well-educated and refined , all wildcat and fur , and union from the muzzle to the UNK '' . END
humor found many modes of expression . END
a texan wrote to a male companion at home : `` what has become of UNK and laura ? ? END
when you see them again give them my love -- not best respects now , but love by god '' . END
william r. UNK , an admirable UNK whose delightful correspondence is preserved in the georgia department of archives and history , liked to tease his wife in his letters . END
after he had been away from home about a year he wrote : `` ( dear wife ) if i did not write and receive letters from you i believe that i would UNK that i was married . END
i don't feel much like a UNK man but i never UNK it UNK as to court UNK other lady but if i should you must forgive me as i am so UNK '' . END
a yank , disturbed by his increasing UNK , wrote : `` i am growing so fat i am a burden 2 myself '' . END
another yank UNK the familiar bedtime prayer : `` now i lay me down to sleep , the UNK UNK my body creep ; ; END
if they should bite before i wake , i pray the lord their jaws to break '' . END
charles UNK , a splendid georgia soldier , differed from most of his comrades in the ranks in that he was the owner of a large plantation , well-educated , and nearly fifty years of age . END
but he was very much like his associates in his hatred of camp routine . END
near the end of his service he wrote that when the war was over he was going to buy two UNK , name one of them `` UNK '' and the other `` close-up '' , and then shoot them both , `` and that will be the end of UNK and close-up '' . END
the soldiers who comprised the rank and file of the civil war armies were an earthy people . END
they talked and wrote much about the elemental functions of the body . END
one of the most common of camp UNK was UNK . END
men of more delicate sensibilities referred to this condition as `` UNK of the UNK '' ; ; END
but a much more common designation was `` the UNK '' . END
a michigan soldier stationed in georgia wrote in UNK : : END
`` i expect to be tough as a UNK as soon as i get over the georgia UNK '' . END
johnny rebs from the deep south who were plagued with UNK after transfer to the virginia front often informed their families that they were suffering from the `` the virginia UNK '' . END
a georgia soldier gave his wife the following description of the cause and consequence of UNK : `` i have bin a little sick with UNK two or three days . END
i eat too much eggs and UNK . END
it UNK ( on ) my UNK and turn loose on me '' . END
a michigan soldier wrote his brother : `` i am well at present with the exception i have got the UNK and i hope UNK few lines find you the same '' . END
the letters which poured forth from camps were usually written under adverse circumstances . END
save for brief periods in garrison or winter quarters , soldiers rarely enjoyed the luxury of a writing desk or table . END
most of the letters were written in the UNK of camp , on stumps , pieces of bark , drum heads , or the knee . END
in the south , after the first year of the war , paper and ink were very poor . END
UNK of paper caused many southerners to adopt the practice of UNK , i.e. , after writing from left to right of the page in the usual manner , they gave the sheet a half turn and wrote from end to end across the lines previously written . END
sometimes soldiers wrote letters while bullets were UNK about their heads . END
a yank writing from UNK , may 28 , UNK , stated : `` not less than 50 balls have passed over me since i commenced writing . END
i could tell you of plenty narrow escapes , but we take no notice of them now '' . END
a UNK stationed near petersburg informed his mother : `` i need not tell you that i dodge pretty often for you can see that very plainly by the blots in this letter . END
just count each blot a dodge and add in a few for i don't dodge every time '' . END
another UNK writing under similar circumstances before atlanta reported : `` the yankees keep shooting so i am afraid they will knock over my ink , so i will close '' . END
the most common type of letter was that of soldier husbands to their wives . END
but fathers often addressed communications to their small children ; ; END
and these , full of homely advice , are among the most human and revealing of civil war letters . END
rebs who owned slaves occasionally would include in their letters UNK or greetings to members of the negro community . END
occasionally they would write to the slaves . END
early in the war it was not uncommon for UNK sons to retain in camp negro `` body servants '' to perform the UNK chores such as cooking , UNK , cleaning the quarters , shining shoes , and laundering clothes . END
sometimes these servants wrote or dictated for enclosure with the letters of their UNK messages to their relatives and to members of their UNK families . END
unmarried soldiers carried on correspondence with UNK at home . END
owing to the restrained UNK characteristic of UNK america , these letters usually were stereotyped and revealed little depth of feeling . END
occasionally gay young blades would write vividly to UNK companions at home about their UNK exploits in richmond , petersburg , washington , or nashville . END
but these comments are hardly UNK . END
an alabama soldier whose feminine associations were of the more admirable type wrote UNK of his achievements among the virginia UNK : `` they UNK i was a saint . END
i told them some sweet lies and they believed it all . END
i would tell them i got a letter from home stating that five of my negroes had runaway and ten of UNK . END
but i UNK say i UNK he did not mind it for he had a plenty more left and then they would lean to me like a sore UNK kitten to a basin of milk '' . END
some of the letters were UNK expressive . END
an ohio soldier who , from a comrade just returned from leave , received an unfavorable comment on the conduct of his sister , took pen in hand and delivered himself thus : `` dear UNK . END
UNK UNK he heard that you and hardy was a UNK together all the time and he though he UNK UNK quit having any thing UNK to UNK with you for he thought it was no more UNK . END
i think you made a dam good UNK to turn off as UNK a UNK as UNK UNK and let that UNK UNK , UNK , UNK card playing sun of a UNK UNK to sea you , the god UNK UNK and UNK UNK UNK UNK helion , he is too UNK for UNK . END
i will UNK him as shore as i sea him '' . END
initiation into combat sometimes elicited from soldier correspondents choice comments about their experiences and reactions . END
a federal UNK wrote to his father shortly after his first skirmish in virginia : `` dear pa . END
went out a UNK yesterday . END
we got to one house where there were five UNK . END
they UNK & run and arch UNK out to shoot the UNK UNK of UNK and we all let go at them . END
UNK may say what they please but UNK pa it is fun '' . END
some of the UNK remarks made by soldiers in their letters were in UNK of unpopular officers . END
a mississippi soldier wrote : `` our general UNK davis is a vain , UNK , illiterate ass '' . END
an UNK wrote : `` col. henry is ( an UNK ) fit for nothing higher than the cultivation of corn '' . END
a UNK stated that his officers were `` not fit to UNK guts to a bear '' . END
on december 9 , UNK , sergeant edwin h. UNK , an unusual UNK who held UNK and m.a. degrees from harvard university and who before the war was UNK of a private school for boys in louisiana , wrote his wife : `` i saw UNK and he is the most insignificant UNK i ever saw . END
his head cannot contain enough sense to command a regiment , much less a corps . END
jackson runs first and his cavalry are well drilled to follow their leader . END
he is not worth UNK . END
but he is a west point graduate and therefore must be born to command '' . END
similar comments about officers are to be found in the letters of northern soldiers . END
a massachusetts soldier , who seems to have been a civil war version of bill UNK , wrote : `` the officers consider themselves as made of a different material from the low fellows in the ranks . END
they get all the glory and most of the pay and don't earn ten cents UNK on the average , the drunken UNK '' . END
private george gray hunter of pennsylvania wrote : `` i am well convinced in my own mind that had it not been for officers this war would have ended long ago '' . END
another yankee became so disgusted as to state : `` i wish to god one half of our officers were knocked in the head by UNK them against ( the other half ) '' . END
no group of officers came in for more spirited denunciation than the doctors . END
one federal soldier wrote : `` the UNK is no UNK -- hell will be UNK with UNK and UNK when this war is over '' . END
shortly after the beginning of sherman's georgia campaign , an UNK yank wrote his UNK : `` the surgeon insisted on sending me to the hospital for treatment . END
i insisted on UNK the field and prevailed -- thinking that i had better die by rebel bullets than ( by ) union quackery '' . END
the attitudes which the rebs and yanks took toward each other were very much the same and ranged over the same gamut of feeling , from friendliness to extreme hatred . END
the rebs were , to a massachusetts corporal , `` fighting UNK or not men at all but whiskey & UNK put into a human frame '' . END
a pennsylvania soldier wrote that `` they were the hardest looking set of men that ever i saw . END
they looked as if they had been fed on vinegar and UNK . END
'' private jenkins lloyd jones of the wisconsin light artillery wrote in his diary : `` i strolled among the UNK on the right , found some of the UNK specimens of humanity i think in the universe , their ignorance being little less than the slave they despise with as imperfect a dialect . END
they UNK as how UNK all would be a heap UNK to UNK all ' '' . END
in a similar vein , but writing from the opposite side , thomas taylor , a private in the 6th alabama volunteers , in a letter to his wife , stated : `` you know that my heart is with you but i never could have been satisfied to have UNK at home when my country is invaded by a UNK foe , by a set of UNK UNK whose motto is UNK . END
the popularity of folklore in america stands in direct proportion to the popularity of nationalism in america . END
and the emphasis on nationalism in america is in proportion to the growth of american influence across the world . END
thus , if we are to observe american folklore in the twentieth century , we will do well to establish the relationships between folklore , nationalism and UNK at the outset . END
historians have come to recognize two cardinal facts concerning nationalism and international influence . END
1 ) every age UNK the events of its history in terms of what should have been , creating legends about itself that rationalize contemporary beliefs and excuse contemporary actions . END
what actually occurred in the past is seldom as important as what a given generation feels must have occurred . END
2 ) as a country UNK its cultural and political attitudes on others , it UNK its heritage in hopes of UNK its aggressiveness . END
its folklore and legend , usually disguised as history , are allowed to account for group actions , to provide a focal point for group loyalty , and to become a cohesive force for national identification . END
one can apply these facts to britain in the late eighteenth and nineteenth centuries as she spread her dominion over palm and pine , and they can be applied again to the united states in more recent years . END
the popularity of local color literature before the UNK war , the steady currency of the lincoln myth , the increased emphasis on the frontier west in our mass media are cases in point . END
nor is it an accident that baseball , growing into the national game in the last 75 years , has become a UNK of american life , that learned societies such as the american folklore society and the american historical association were founded in the UNK , or that courses in american literature , american civilization , american anything have swept our school and college UNK . END
of course , nationalism has really UNK its usefulness in a country as UNK as ours , and its continued existence reflects one of the major culture UNK of the twentieth-century united states . END
yet nationalism has lost few of its UNK for the historian , writer or man in the street . END
it is an understandable paradox that most american history and most american literature is today written from an essentially UNK and UNK point of view at the very time america is spreading her dominion over palm and pine . END
after all , the average american as he lies and UNK for the enemy in korea or as she UNK the newspaper in some vain hope of personal contact with the front is unconcerned that his or her plight is the result of a complex of personal , economic and governmental actions far beyond the normal UNK comprehension and control . END
anyone's identification with an international struggle , whether warlike or peaceful , requires absurd UNK and intense emotional involvement . END
such identification comes for each group in each crisis by UNK history into legend and developing appropriate national heroes . END
in america , such UNK has served a particularly useful purpose . END
a heterogeneous people have needed it to attain an element of cultural and political cohesion in a new and ever-changing land . END
but we must never forget , most of the appropriate heroes and their legends were created overnight , to answer immediate needs , almost always with conscious aims and ends . END
UNK UNK george washington became the symbol of honesty and the father image of the UNK states . END
abraham lincoln emerged as an incarnation of the national constitution . END
robert e. lee represented the dignity needed by a UNK confederacy . END
and their roles are paralleled by those of UNK henry , nathan UNK , andrew jackson , UNK UNK , theodore roosevelt and many , many more . END
therefore , the scholar , as he looks at our national folklore of the last 60 years , will be mindful of two facts . END
1 ) most of the legends that are created to fan the fires of patriotism are essentially propagandistic and are not folk legends at all . END
2 ) the concept that an `` american national folklore '' exists is itself probably another propagandistic legend . END
folklore is individually created art that a homogeneous group of people preserve , vary and UNK through oral transmission . END
it has come to mean myths , legends , tales , songs , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK and such literary forms of expression . END
related to written literature , and often remaining temporarily frozen in written form , it loses its vitality when UNK or removed from its oral existence . END
though it may exist in either UNK or illiterate societies , it assumes a role of true cultural importance only in the latter . END
in its propagandistic and commercial haste to discover our folk heritage , the public has remained ignorant of definitions such as this . END
enthusiastically , americans have swept UNK and UNK materials like paul UNK tales , UNK lincoln anecdotes and labor union songs up as true products of our american oral tradition . END
nor have we remembered that in the melting pot of america the hundreds of isolated and UNK ethnic , regional and occupational groups did not fuse into a homogeneous national unit until long after education and UNK had caused them to cast oral tradition aside as a means of carrying culturally significant material . END
naturally , such scholarly facts are of little concern to the man trying to make money or fan patriotism by means of folklore . END
that much of what he calls folklore is the result of beliefs carefully UNK among the people with the conscious aim of producing a desired mass emotional reaction to a particular situation or set of situations is irrelevant . END
as long as his material is americana , can in some way be ascribed to the masses and appears `` democratic '' to his audience , he remains satisfied . END
from all this we can now see that two streams of development run through the history of twentieth-century american folklore . END
on the one side we have the university professors and their students , trained in UNK methods of research , who have sought out , collected and studied the true products of the oral traditions of the ethnic , regional and occupational groups that make up this nation . END
on the other we have the UNK and the national UNK who have been willing to use any patriotic , `` frontier western '' or colonial material willy-nilly . END
unfortunately , few of the artists ( writers , movie producers , UNK and musicians ) who have used american folklore since 1900 have known enough to distinguish between the two streams even in the most general of ways . END
after all , the field is large , difficult to define and seldom taught properly to american undergraduates . END
in addition , this country has been settled by many peoples of many UNK and their lore has become UNK slowly , in an age of print and easy communication , within an UNK and changing society . END
the problems confuse even the experts . END
for that matter , the experts themselves are a mixed breed . END
UNK , housewives , historians and such by profession , they approach their discipline as UNK , collectors , commercial propagandists , analysts or some combination of the four . END
they have widely varying backgrounds and aims . END
they have little `` esprit de corps '' . END
the outlook for the amateur , for instance , is usually dependent on his fondness for local history or for the picturesque . END
his love of folklore has UNK in it , and he doesn't care much about the UNK or the UNK . END
folklore is his hobby , and he , all too rightly , wishes it to remain as such . END
the amateur is closely related to the collector , who is actually no more than the amateur who has taken to the field . END
the collector enjoys the contact with rural life ; ; END
he UNK folklore for the very `` field and stream '' reasons that many persons hunt game ; ; END
and only rarely is he acutely concerned with the meaning of what he has located . END
fundamentally , both these types , the amateur and the collector , are UNK and many of them don't distinguish well between real folklore and UNK material . END
but there are also the commercial propagandists and the analysts -- one dominated by money , the other by nineteenth-century german scholarship . END
both are primarily concerned with the uses that can be made of the material that the collector has found . END
both shudder at the thought of proceeding too far beyond the sewage system and the electric light lines . END
the commercial UNK , who can't afford to be critical , gets along well with the amateur , from whom he feeds , but he frequently steps on the UNK toes by refusing to keep his material genuine . END
his standards are , of course , completely foreign to those of the analyst . END
to both the amateur and the commercial UNK the analyst lacks a soul , lacks appreciation with his endless UNK and classifications . END
dominated by the vicious circle of the university promotion system , the analyst looks down on and gets along poorly with the other three groups , although he cannot deny his debt to the collector . END
the knowledge that most americans have of folklore comes through contact with commercial propagandists and a few energetic UNK and collectors . END
the work done by the analysts , the men who really know what folklore is all about , has no more appeal than any other work of a truly scientific sort and reaches a limited , learned audience . END
publishers want books that will sell , recording UNK want discs that will not seem strange to ears used to UNK and jazz music , grade and high schools want quaint , but moral , material . END
the analyst is apt to be too honest to fit in . END
as a result , most people don't have more than a vague idea what folklore actually is ; ; END
they see it as a UNK of charming , moral legends and patriotic anecdotes , with a superstition or remedy thrown in here and there . END
and so well is such ignorance preserved by the amateur and the UNK that even at the college level most of the UNK folklore courses given in the united states survive on sentiment and nationalism alone . END
if one wishes to discuss a literary figure who uses folklore in his work , the first thing he must realize is that the literary figure is probably part of this ignorant american public . END
and while every writer must be dealt with as a special case , the interested student will want to ask himself a number of questions about each . END
does the writer know the difference between an `` UNK '' ballad or tall tale and a true product of the folk ? ? END
when the writer uses material does he UNK with it to improve its commercial effect or does he leave it pure ? ? END
is the writer propagandistic ? ? END
is he swept away by sentiment and nostalgia for an america that was ? ? END
or does he sincerely want to tap the real springs of american attitude and culture regardless of how unpopular and embarrassing they may be ? ? END
when he gets the answers to his questions he will be discouraged . END
in the first place , a good many writers who are said to use folklore , do not , unless one counts an occasional superstition or tale . END
robert frost , for instance , writes about rural life in new england , but he does not include any significant amount of folklore in his poems . END
this has not , however , prevented publishers from labeling him a `` folk poet '' , simply because he is a rural one . END
in the second place , a large number of writers , making a more direct claim than frost to being `` folk writers '' of one sort or another , clearly make no distinctions between genuine and UNK material . END
stephen vincent UNK john brown's body comes immediately to mind in this connection , as does john UNK the grapes of wrath and carl UNK the people , yes . END
the last two writers introduce strong political bias into their works , and not unlike the union leaders that we will discuss soon , see folklore as a reservoir of protest by a UNK and UNK silenced mass . END
folklore , as used by such writers , really reflects images engraved into it by the very person using it . END
the folk are simply not homogeneous with respect to nation or political attitude . END
in fact , there is much evidence to indicate they don't care a bit about anything beyond their particular regional , ethnic and occupational limits . END
nevertheless , with a reading public that UNK for the `` good old days '' and with an awareness of our expanding international interests , it is easy for the UNK to obtain a magnified position in literature by use of all sorts of americana , real or fake , and it is easy for the UNK and UNK to support their messages of reform by reading messages of reform into the minds of the folk . END
as part of the same arrangement , torrio had , in the spirit of peace and good will , and in exchange for armed support in the april election campaign , bestowed upon o'banion a third share in the hawthorne smoke shop proceeds and a cut in the cicero beer trade . END
the coalition was to prove UNK . END
o'banion was a complex and frightening man , whose bright blue eyes stared with a kind of frozen UNK into UNK . END
he had a round , frank irish face , UNK in a UNK grin that stayed UNK in place even when he was pumping bullets into someone's body . END
he carried three guns -- one in the right UNK pocket , one under his left UNK , one in the left outside coat pocket -- and was equally lethal with both hands . END
he killed accurately , freely , and UNK . END
the police credited him with twenty-five murders but he was never brought to trial for one of them . END
like a fair number of UNK he disliked alcohol . END
he was an expert UNK , tenderly UNK in the arrangement of UNK and UNK . END
he had no apparent comprehension of morality ; ; END
he divided humanity into `` right guys '' and `` wrong guys '' , and the wrong ones he was always willing to kill and UNK under . END
he had what was described by a psychologist as a `` sunny brutality '' . END
he walked with a heavy list to the right , as that leg was four inches shorter than the other , but the UNK did not reduce his UNK UNK with his guns . END
UNK thought him `` just a superior sort of UNK '' but he was , in fact , with his aggression and hostility , and UNK indifference to UNK or administering pain , a UNK UNK . END
he was also at this time , although not so interwoven in high politics and the UNK as torrio and capone , the most powerful and most dangerous mob leader in the chicago underworld , the UNK king . END
o'banion was born in poverty , the son of an immigrant irish UNK , in the north UNK little hell , close by the UNK quarter and death corner . END
he had been a choir boy at the holy name cathedral and also served as an UNK to father UNK . END
the influence of mass was less pervasive than that of the UNK , slum UNK among the UNK houses , UNK , and UNK saloons of his birthplace ; ; END
he ran wild with the child gangs of the UNK , and went through the normal UNK course of thieving , UNK , and UNK . END
at the age of ten , when he was working as a UNK in the loop , he was knocked down by a streetcar which resulted in his permanently shortened leg . END
because of this he was known as UNK ( but , as with capone and his nickname of UNK , never in his presence ) . END
in his teens o'banion was enrolled in the vicious market street gang and he became a singing waiter in UNK cafe , a UNK low and rowdy dive in north clark street , where UNK customers were methodically UNK of their money by the singing waiters before being thrown out . END
he then got a job with the chicago UNK as a circulation slugger , a rough fighter employed to see that his UNK news pitches were not UNK upon by rival UNK . END
he was also at the same time gaining practical experience as a safe UNK and UNK , and learning how to shoot to kill from a UNK convicted murderer named gene UNK , later committed to chester UNK as a UNK maniac , but whose eyes UNK with tears when the young UNK sang a ballad about an irish mother in his clear and UNK tenor . END
o'banion's first conflict with the police came in 1909 , at seventeen , when he was committed to UNK prison for three months for burglary ; ; END
two years later he served another three months for assault . END
those were his only UNK behind bars , although he collected four more charges on his police record in 1921 and 1922 , three for burglary and one for robbery . END
but by now o'banion's political pull was beginning to be effective . END
on the occasion of his 1922 indictment the $10,000 bond was furnished by an UNK , and the charge was UNK UNK . END
on one of his 1921 ventures he was actually come upon by a detective sergeant john j. ryan down on his knees with a tool embedded in a labour office safe in the postal telegraph building ; ; END
the jury wanted better evidence than that and he was UNK , at a cost of UNK in UNK , it was estimated . END
as promptly as torrio , o'banion jumped into UNK . END
he conducted it with less diplomacy and more spontaneous violence than the UNK , but he had his huge north side portion to exploit and he made a great deal of money . END
unlike the UNK , he additionally conducted UNK , UNK , and UNK expeditions , and refused to touch prostitution . END
he was also personally active in ward politics , and by 1924 o'banion had acquired sufficient political might to be able to state : `` i always deliver my borough as per requirements '' . END
but whose requirements ? ? END
until 1924 o'banion UNK and UNK UNK had kept his north side domain solidly democratic . END
there was a UNK gag that went around at that time : UNK `` UNK carry the UNK and UNK UNK '' ? ? END
a. o'banion , in his pistol pocket '' . END
but as november 1924 drew close the democratic hierarchy was UNK troubled by UNK reports that o'banion was being UNK by the opposition , and was meeting and UNK with important republicans . END
to forestall any change of allegiance , the democrats hastily UNK a UNK banquet for o'banion , as public reward for his past services and as a reminder of where his UNK lay . END
the reception was held in a private dining room of the webster hotel on lincoln park west . END
it was an interesting UNK of UNK , union UNK , ward UNK , UNK officials , and gunmen . END
the guest list is in itself a little UNK of the state of american civic life at this time . END
it included the top o'banion men and chief of detectives michael hughes . END
when mayor UNK heard of the banquet he summoned hughes for an explanation of why he had been UNK the police department by UNK with these UNK and UNK . END
hughes said that he had understood the party was to be in UNK of jerry o'connor , the UNK of a loop gambling house . END
`` but when i arrived and UNK a number of notorious characters i had thrown into the detective bureau basement half a dozen times , i knew i had been framed , and withdrew almost at once '' . END
in fact , o'connor was UNK during the ceremony with the presentation of a UNK diamond UNK . END
there was a brief interruption while one of o'banion's men jerked out both his guns and threatened to shoot a waiter who was UNK him for a tip . END
then o'banion was presented with a platinum watch set with UNK and diamonds . END
this dinner was the start of a new UNK in the relationship between the gangs and the politicians , which , prior to 1924 , says UNK , `` had been maintained with more or less stealth '' , but which henceforth was marked by these UNK gatherings , denounced by a clergyman as `` UNK UNK '' , at which `` politicians UNK cheek by UNK with gangsters , openly , in the big downtown hotels '' . END
UNK continued : `` they became an institution of the chicago scene and marked the way to the moral and financial collapse of the municipal and county governments in UNK '' . END
however , this inaugural UNK did its sponsors no good whatever . END
o'banion accepted his platinum watch and the UNK to his loyalty , and proceeded with the bigger and better republican deal . END
on election day -- november 4 -- he UNK UNK his force of UNK men , UNK , and experts in UNK repeat votes . END
the result was a UNK for the republican candidates . END
this further demonstration of o'banion's UNK power did not please torrio and capone . END
in the past year there had been too many examples of his UNK self-confidence and UNK for their liking . END
he behaved publicly with a UNK , UNK UNK that UNK their UNK latin minds , and behaved towards them personally with an unimpressed insolence that UNK them beneath their UNK . END
they were disturbed by his UNK bravado -- as , when his UNK , yankee schwartz , complained that he had been UNK by dave miller , a UNK UNK , chieftain of a jewish gang and one of four brothers of tough reputation , who were UNK , a UNK in loose UNK league with torrio and o'banion , frank , a policeman , and max , the youngest . END
to settle this slight , o'banion went down to the la UNK theatre in the loop , where , he had learned , dave miller was attending the opening of a musical comedy . END
at the end of the performance , dave and max came out into the brilliantly lit UNK among a surge of UNK and UNK first UNK . END
o'banion drew his guns and fired at dave , severely UNK him in the stomach . END
a second bullet UNK off UNK belt buckle , leaving him UNK but in some distress . END
o'banion tucked away his gun and walked out of the theatre ; ; END
he was neither prosecuted nor even arrested . END
that sort of UNK , for that sort of reason , in the view of torrio and capone , was a nonsense . END
a further example of the UNK difference in personalities was when two policemen held up a torrio beer UNK on a west side street and demanded $300 to let it through . END
one of the UNK telephoned o'banion -- on a line tapped by the detective bureau -- and reported the situation . END
o'banion's reaction was : `` three hundred dollars ! ! END
to them UNK ? ? END
why , i can get them knocked off for half that much '' . END
upon which the detective bureau UNK rifle UNK to prevent trouble if o'banion should send his gunmen out to deal with the UNK policemen . END
but in the meantime the UNK , unhappy with this solution , telephoned torrio and returned to o'banion with the message : `` say , UNK , i just been talking to johnny , and he said to let them cops have the three hundred . END
he says he don't want no trouble '' . END
but torrio and capone had UNK cause to hate and distrust the UNK . END
for three years , since the liquor territorial conference , torrio had , with his elastic patience , and because he knew that retaliation could cause only violent warfare and disaster to business , tolerated o'banion's UNK UNK . END
they had suffered , in sulky silence , the sight of his sharp practice in cicero . END
when , as a diplomatic gesture of UNK and in payment for the loan of gunmen in the april election , torrio had given o'banion a slice of cicero , the profits from that district had been $20,000 a month . END
in six months o'banion had UNK the profits to $100,000 a month -- mainly by bringing pressure to bear on fifty chicago UNK proprietors to shift out to the suburb . END
these booze customers had until then been buying their supplies from the sheldon , UNK , and UNK gangs , and now they were competing for trade with the UNK saloons ; ; END
once again o'banion's UNK UNK had caused a proliferation of ill will . END
the revenue from o'banion's cicero territory went up still higher , until the yield was more than the UNK UNK from the far bigger trade area of chicago's south and west sides . END
but he still showed no intention of sharing with the syndicate . END
at last , even the controlled torrio was unable to hold still , and he tentatively suggested that o'banion should take a percentage in the stickney UNK in return for one from his cicero beer UNK . END
o'banion's reply was a raucous laugh and a flat refusal . END
still more jealous bitterness was engendered by the o'banion UNK seizure from a west side UNK yard of a UNK load of canadian whisky worth $100,000 and by one of the biggest UNK of the prohibition era -- the UNK warehouse robbery , which became famous for the cool UNK of the operation . END
here was stored UNK worth of UNK whisky . END
these UNK cases were UNK off in a UNK operation by the o'banion men , who left in their stead the same number of barrels filled with water . END
a tsunami may be started by a sea bottom slide , an earthquake or a UNK UNK . END
the most infamous of all was launched by the explosion of the island of UNK in 1883 ; ; END
it raced across the pacific at 300 miles an hour , UNK the coasts of java and UNK with waves 100 to 130 feet high , and pounded the shore as far away as san francisco . END
the ancient greeks recorded several catastrophic UNK by huge waves . END
whether or not plato's tale of the lost continent of UNK is true , UNK concede that the myth may have some foundation in a great tsunami of ancient times . END
indeed , a tremendously destructive tsunami that arose in the UNK sea in 1945 has even revived the interest of UNK and UNK in the biblical story of the flood . END
one of the most UNK tsunami on record followed the famous UNK earthquake of november 1 , UNK ; ; END
its waves persisted for a week and were felt as far away as the english coast . END
tsunami are rare , however , in the atlantic ocean ; ; END
they are far more common in the pacific . END
japan has had 15 destructive ones ( eight of them disastrous ) since UNK . END
the hawaiian islands are struck severely an average of once every 25 years . END
in UNK an earthquake in japan generated waves so huge that they piled into the inland sea ; ; END
one wave UNK more than 1,000 ships and boats in osaka bay . END
a tsunami in the hawaiian islands in UNK washed away an entire town ( UNK ) , leaving only two UNK trees standing where the community had been . END
in 1896 a japanese tsunami killed UNK people and swept away 10,000 homes . END
the dimensions of these waves dwarf all our usual standards of measurement . END
an ordinary sea wave is rarely more than a few hundred feet long from crest to crest -- no longer than UNK feet in the atlantic or 1,000 feet in the pacific . END
but a tsunami often extends more than 100 miles and sometimes as much as 600 miles from crest to crest . END
while a wind wave never travels at more than 60 miles per hour , the velocity of a tsunami in the open sea must be UNK in hundreds of miles per hour . END
the greater the depth of the water , the greater is the speed of the wave ; ; END
UNK law says that its velocity is equal to the square root of the product of the depth times the acceleration due to gravity . END
in the deep waters of the pacific these waves reach a speed of 500 miles per hour . END
tsunami are so shallow in comparison with their length that in the open ocean they are hardly detectable . END
their amplitude sometimes is as little as two feet from UNK to crest . END
usually it is only when they approach shallow water on the shore that they build up to their terrifying heights . END
on the UNK day in 1896 when the great waves approached japan , fishermen at sea noticed no unusual swells . END
not until they sailed home at the end of the day , through a sea strewn with bodies and the UNK of houses , were they aware of what had happened . END
the seemingly quiet ocean had crashed a wall of water from 10 to 100 feet high upon beaches crowded with UNK , drowning thousands of them and UNK villages along the shore . END
the giant waves are more dangerous on flat shores than on steep ones . END
they usually range from 20 to 60 feet in height , but when they pour into a v-shaped inlet or harbor they may rise to mountainous proportions . END
generally the first UNK of a tsunami is a rather sharp swell , not different enough from an ordinary wave to alarm casual observers . END
this is followed by a tremendous suck of water away from the shore as the first great UNK arrives . END
UNK are left high and dry , and the beaches are covered with stranded fish . END
at hilo large numbers of people ran out to inspect the amazing spectacle of the UNK beach . END
many of them paid for their curiosity with their lives , for some minutes later the first giant wave roared over the shore . END
after an earthquake in japan in 1793 people on the coast at UNK were so terrified by the extraordinary UNK of the sea that they UNK to higher ground . END
when a second UNK came , they dashed back to the beach , fearing that they might be buried under UNK . END
just as they reached the shore , the first huge wave crashed upon them . END
a tsunami is not a single wave but a series . END
the waves are separated by intervals of 15 minutes to an hour or more ( because of their great length ) , and this has often UNK people into thinking after the first great wave has crashed that it is all over . END
the waves may keep coming for many hours . END
usually the third to the eighth waves in the series are the biggest . END
among the observers of the 1946 tsunami at hilo was francis p. UNK of the UNK institution of UNK , one of the world's foremost marine UNK . END
he was able to make a detailed inspection of the waves . END
their onrush and retreat , he reported , was accompanied by a great hissing , roaring and rattling . END
the third and fourth waves seemed to be the highest . END
on some of the UNK beaches the waves came in gently ; ; END
they were UNK on the shores facing the direction of the UNK from which the waves had come . END
in hilo bay they were from 21 to 26 feet high . END
the highest waves , 55 feet , occurred at UNK valley . END
scientists and fishermen have occasionally seen strange UNK of the phenomenon . END
during a 1933 tsunami in japan the sea glowed brilliantly at night . END
the UNK of the water is now believed to have been caused by the stimulation of vast numbers of the UNK organism UNK UNK by the UNK of the sea . END
japanese fishermen have sometimes observed that UNK hauled up in their UNK during a tsunami have enormously swollen UNK ; ; END
the fish have swallowed vast numbers of UNK UNK , raised to the surface by the disturbance . END
the waves of a 1923 tsunami in UNK bay brought to the surface and battered to death huge numbers of UNK that normally live at a depth of 3,000 feet . END
gratified fishermen hauled them in by the thousands . END
the UNK system developed since the 1946 disaster in hawaii relies mainly on a simple and ingenious instrument devised by commander c. k. green of the coast and UNK survey staff . END
it consists of a series of pipes and a UNK chamber which record the rise and fall of the water surface . END
ordinary water tides are disregarded . END
but when waves with a period of between 10 and 40 minutes begin to roll over the ocean , they set in motion a corresponding UNK in a column of mercury which closes an electric circuit . END
this in turn sets off an alarm , UNK the observers at the station that a tsunami is in progress . END
such equipment has been installed at hilo , midway , UNK and dutch harbor . END
the moment the alarm goes off , information is immediately UNK to honolulu , which is the center of the warning system . END
this center also receives prompt reports on earthquakes from four coast survey stations in the pacific which are equipped with UNK . END
its staff makes a preliminary determination of the UNK of the UNK and UNK tide stations near the UNK for a tsunami . END
by means of charts showing UNK times and depths in the ocean at various locations , it is possible to estimate the rate of approach and probable time of arrival at hawaii of a tsunami getting under way at any spot in the pacific . END
the civil and military authorities are then advised of the danger , and they issue warnings and take all necessary protective steps . END
all of these activities are UNK to a UNK communication system , and practice tests have been held to assure that everything will work smoothly . END
since the 1946 disaster there have been 15 tsunami in the pacific , but only one was of any consequence . END
on november 4 , 1952 , an earthquake occurred under the sea off the UNK peninsula . END
at UNK that afternoon ( greenwich time ) the shock was recorded by the UNK alarm in honolulu . END
the warning system immediately went into action . END
within about an hour with the help of reports from UNK stations in alaska , arizona and california , the UNK UNK was placed at 51 degrees north latitude and UNK degrees east UNK . END
while accounts of the progress of the tsunami came in from various points in the pacific ( midway reported it was covered with nine feet of water ) , the hawaiian station made its calculations and notified the military services and the police that the first big wave would arrive at honolulu at UNK greenwich time . END
it turned out that the waves were not so high as in 1946 . END
they hurled a cement barge against a freighter in honolulu harbor , knocked down telephone lines , UNK automobiles , flooded lawns , killed six cows . END
but not a single human life was lost , and property damage in the hawaiian islands did not exceed UNK . END
there is little doubt that the warning system saved lives and reduced the damage . END
but it is plain that a warning system , however efficient , is not enough . END
in the vulnerable areas of the pacific there should be restrictions against building homes on exposed coasts , or at least a requirement that they be either raised off the ground or anchored strongly against waves . END
the key to the world of geology is change ; ; END
nothing remains the same . END
life has evolved from simple combinations of molecules in the sea to complex combinations in man . END
the land , too , is changing , and earthquakes are daily UNK of this . END
earthquakes result when movements in the earth twist rocks until they break . END
sometimes this is accompanied by visible shifts of the ground surface ; ; END
often the shifts cannot be seen , but they are there ; ; END
and everywhere can be found scars of earlier breaks once deeply buried . END
today's earthquakes are most numerous in belts where the earth's UNK is presently concentrated , but scars of the past show that there is no part of the earth that has not had them . END
the effects of earthquakes on civilization have been widely publicized , even UNK . END
the role of an earthquake in starting the destruction of whole cities is tremendously frightening , but fire may actually be the principal agent in a particular disaster . END
superstition has often blended with fact to color reports . END
we have learned from earthquakes much of what we now know about the earth's interior , for they send waves through the earth which emerge with information about the materials through which they have traveled . END
these waves have shown that UNK miles below the surface a liquid core begins , and that it , in turn , has a solid inner core . END
earthquakes originate as far as 400 miles below the surface , but they do not occur at greater depths . END
two UNK mysteries are based on these facts . END
( 1 ) as far down as 400 miles below the surface the material should be hot enough to be plastic and adjust itself to twisting forces by UNK flow rather than by breaking , as rigid surface rocks do . END
( 2 ) if earthquakes do occur at such depths , why not deeper ? ? END
knowledge gained from studying earthquake waves has been applied in various fields . END
in the search for oil and gas , we make similar waves under controlled conditions with dynamite and learn from them where there are buried rock structures favorable to the accumulation of these resources . END
we have also developed techniques for recognizing and locating underground nuclear tests through the waves in the ground which they generate . END
the following discussion of this subject has been adapted from the book causes of catastrophe by l. don UNK . END
the restless earth and its interior END
at twelve minutes after five on the morning of wednesday , april 18 , UNK , san francisco was shaken by a severe earthquake . END
a sharp UNK was followed by a jerky roll . END
in UNK county UNK , near the river UNK , there is a quiet little suburb by the name of garryowen , which means `` garden of owen '' . END
undoubtedly none of the residents realize the influence their town has had on american military history , or the deeds of UNK that have been done in its name . END
the cry `` garryowen '' ! ! END
bursting from the lips of a charging cavalry trooper was the last sound heard on this earth by UNK numbers of UNK , sioux and apaches , mexican UNK under UNK villa , japanese in the south pacific , and chinese and north korean communists in korea . END
garryowen is the battle cry of the 7th u.s. cavalry regiment , `` the fighting seventh '' . END
today a battle cry may seem an UNK , for in the modern army , esprit de corps has been UNK to organizational charts and tables . END
but don't tell that to a veteran of the fighting seventh , especially in a saloon on saturday night . END
of all the thousands of men who have served in the 7th UNK , perhaps no one knows its spirit better than lieutenant colonel UNK c. chandler . END
wiry and UNK , with steel blue eyes and a chest UNK with medals , chandler is the UNK of the old-time trooper . END
the truth is , however , that when mel chandler first reported to the regiment the only UNK he had ever ridden was a swivel chair and the only weapon he had ever UNK was a pencil . END
chandler had been UNK in the medical service corps and was serving as a personnel officer for the kansas city medical depot when he decided that if he was going to make the army his career , he wanted to be in the fighting part of it . END
though he knew no more about military science and tactics than any other desk officer , he managed to get transferred to the combat forces . END
the next thing he knew he was reporting for duty as commanding officer of troop h , 7th cavalry , in the middle of corps maneuvers in japan . END
outside of combat , he couldn't have landed in a tougher spot . END
first of all , no unit likes to have a new co brought in from the outside , especially when he's an armchair trooper . END
second , if there is ever a perfect time to pull the rug out from under him , it's on maneuvers . END
in combat , helping your co make a fool of himself might mean getting yourself killed . END
but in maneuvers , with the top brass watching him all the time , it's easy . END
chandler understood this and expected the worst . END
but his first few days with troop h were full of surprises , beginning with first sergeant robert early . END
chandler had expected a tough old trooper with a gravel voice . END
instead sergeant early was quiet , sharp and confident . END
he had enlisted in the army straight out of high school and had immediately set about learning his new trade . END
there was no weapon early could not take apart and UNK UNK . END
he could lead a patrol and he knew his paper work . END
further , he had taken full advantage of the army's correspondence courses . END
he not only knew UNK , but mathematics , history and literature as well . END
but for all his UNK confidence , sergeant early was right out of the garryowen mold . END
he was filled with the spirit of the fighting seventh . END
that saved mel chandler . END
sergeant early let the new co know just how lucky he was to be in the best troop in the best regiment in the united states army . END
he fed the captain bits of history about the troops and the regiment . END
for example , it was a UNK of the 7th cavalry under colonel george armstrong custer that had been wiped out at the battle of the little big horn . END
it didn't take captain chandler long to realize that he had to carry a heavy load of tradition on his shoulders as commander of troop aj . END
but what made the load lighter was the realization that every officer , UNK and trooper was ready and willing to help him carry it , for the good of the troop and the regiment . END
maneuvers over , the 7th returned to garrison duty in tokyo , captain chandler still with them . END
it was the 7th cavalry whose troopers were charged with guarding the imperial palace of the emperor . END
but still mel chandler was not completely convinced that men would really die for a UNK word , `` garryowen '' . END
the final proof was a small incident . END
it happened at the st. UNK day party , a big affair for a regiment which had gone into battle for over three-quarters of a century to the strains of an irish march . END
in the middle of the party chandler looked up to see four smiling faces bearing down upon him , each beaming above the biggest , UNK UNK he had ever seen . END
the faces belonged to lieutenant marvin goulding , his wife and their two children . END
and when the singing began , it was the UNK who sang the old irish songs the best . END
though there was an occasional good-natured chuckle about marvin goulding , the jewish officer from chicago , singing UNK about the UNK UNK , no one really thought it was strange . END
for marvin goulding , like UNK martini , the UNK boy who carried UNK last message , or UNK UNK , the one-man army on leyte , was a garryowen , through and through . END
it was no coincidence that goulding was one of the most beloved platoon leaders in the regiment . END
and so mel chandler got the spirit of garryowen . END
he set out to keep troop h the best troop in the best regiment . END
one of his innovations was to see to it that every man -- cook and clerk as well as rifleman -- qualified with every weapon in the troop . END
even the mess sergeant , bill brown , a dapper , UNK transfer from an airborne division , went out on the range . END
the troop received a new leader , lieutenant robert m. carroll , fresh out of UNK and bucking for regular army status . END
carroll was sharp and military , but he was up against tough competition for that UNK berth , and he wanted to play it cool . END
so mel chandler set out to sell him on the spirit of garryowen , just as he himself had been sold a short time before . END
when the korean war began , on june 25 , 1950 , the anniversary of the day custer had gone down fighting at the little big horn and the day the regiment had assaulted the UNK of leyte during world war 2 , , the 7th cavalry was not in the best fighting condition . END
its entire complement of UNK officers on the platoon level had departed as UNK for another unit , and its vehicles were still those used in the drive across UNK in world war 2 . END
just a month after the korean war broke out , the 7th cavalry was moving into the lines , ready for combat . END
from then on the fighting seventh was in the thick of the UNK fighting in korea . END
one night on the UNK river , mel chandler called on that fabled esprit de corps . END
the regiment was dug in on the east side of the river and the north koreans were steadily building up a concentration of crack troops on the other side . END
the troopers knew an attack was coming , but they didn't know when , and they didn't know where . END
at 6 o'clock on the morning of august 12 , they were in doubt no longer . END
then it came , against troop aj . END
the enemy had filtered across the river during the night and a full force of 1000 men , armed with russian machine guns , attacked the position held by UNK men . END
they came in waves . END
first came the cannon UNK , UNK UNK being driven into death as a massive human UNK UNK . END
they were followed by crack north korean troops , who mounted one charge after another . END
they UNK the 7th UNK forward UNK positions through sheer weight of numbers , over UNK of their own dead . END
another force flanked the company and took up a position on a hill to the rear . END
captain chandler saw that it was building up strength . END
he assembled a group of 25 men , composed of wounded troopers awaiting evacuation , the company clerk , supply men , cooks and drivers , and led them to the hill . END
one of the more seriously wounded was lieutenant carroll , the young officer bucking for the regular army . END
chandler left carroll at the bottom of the hill to direct any UNK he could find to the fight . END
then mel chandler started up the hill . END
he took one step , two , broke into a trot and then into a run . END
the first thing he knew the words `` garryowen '' ! ! END
burst from his throat . END
his followers shouted the old battle cry after him and charged the hill , firing as they ran . END
the koreans fell back , but UNK at the top of the hill and pinned down the UNK with a screen of fire . END
chandler , looking to right and left to see how his men were UNK , suddenly saw another figure UNK up the hill , hurling grenades and UNK the battle cry as he ran . END
it was bob carroll , who had suddenly found himself UNK with the spirit of garryowen . END
he had formed his own task force of three UNK and led them up the hill in a fighting seventh charge . END
because of this UNK attack the main group that had been pinned down on the hill was able to surge forward again . END
but an enemy UNK hit carroll in the head and UNK simultaneously . END
he went down like a wet rag and the UNK hit the dirt in the face of the UNK enemy fire . END
enemy UNK came pouring down , seeking a soft spot . END
they found it at the junction between troops h and g , and prepared to UNK . END
marvin goulding saw what was happening . END
he turned to his platoon . END
`` okay , men '' , he said . END
`` follow me '' . END
goulding leaped to his feet and started forward , `` garryowen '' ! ! END
on his lips , his men following . END
but the bullets UNK home before he finished his battle cry and marvin goulding fell dead . END
for an instant his men hesitated , unable to believe that their lieutenant , the most popular officer in the regiment , was dead . END
then they let out a bellow of anguish and rage and , cursing , screaming and UNK `` garryowen '' ! ! END
they charged into the enemy like wild men . END
that finished the job that captain chandler and lieutenant carroll had begun . END
UNK platoon pushed back the enemy soldiers and broke up the timing of the entire enemy attack . END
UNK came up quickly to take advantage of the opening made by UNK platoon . END
the north koreans threw away their guns and fled across the rice UNK . END
artillery and air strikes were called in to kill them by the hundreds . END
though bob carroll seemed to have had his head practically blown off by the exploding UNK , he lived . END
today he is a major -- in the regular army . END
so filled was mel chandler with the spirit of garryowen that after korea was over , he took on the job of writing the complete history of the regiment . END
after years of digging , nights and weekends , he put together the big , UNK illustrated book , of garryowen and glory , which is probably the most complete history of any military unit . END
the battle of the UNK river is just one example of how the battle cry and the spirit of the fighting seventh have paid off . END
for nearly a century the cry has never failed to rally the fighting men of the regiment . END
take the case of major marcus a. reno , who survived the battle of the little big horn in 1876 . END
from the enlisted men he UNK to the subordinate officer whose wife he tried to rape , a lot of men had plenty of reason heartily to dislike marcus reno . END
many of his fellow officers refused to speak to him . END
but when a board of inquiry was called to look into the charges of UNK made against him , the men who had seen reno leave the battlefield and the officer who had heard reno suggest that the wounded be left to be tortured by the sioux , refused to say a harsh word against him . END
he was a member of the fighting seventh . END
although it was at the battle of the little horn , about which more words have been written than any other battle in american history , that the 7th cavalry first made its mark in history , the regiment was ten years old by then . END
UNK major general george armstrong custer was the UNK first permanent commander and , like such generals as george s. UNK and terry de la UNK allen in their rise to military prominence , custer was a believer in blood and guts warfare . END
during the civil war , custer , who achieved a brilliant record , was made brigadier general at the age of 23 . END
he finished the war as a major general , commanding a full division , and at 25 was the youngest major general in the history of the u.s. army . END
i do not mean to suggest that these assumptions are self-evident , in the sense that everyone agrees with them . END
if they were , walter UNK would be writing the same columns as george UNK , and herb lock would have nothing to draw cartoons about . END
i do mean , however , that i take them for granted , and that everything i shall be saying would appear quite UNK against any contrary assumptions . END
the ultimate objective of american policy is to help establish a world in which there is the largest possible measure of freedom and justice and peace and material prosperity ; ; END
and in particular -- since this is our special responsibility -- that these conditions be enjoyed by the people of the united states . END
i speak of `` the largest possible measure '' because any person who UNK that these conditions can be universally and perfectly achieved -- ever -- UNK without the inherent UNK of himself and his fellow human beings , and is therefore a dangerous man to have around . END
these conditions are UNK -- are not even UNK in the qualified sense i have indicated -- without the prior defeat of world communism . END
this is true for two reasons : because communism is both UNK , and in practice , UNK to these conditions ; ; END
and because communists have the will and , as long as soviet power remains intact , the capacity to prevent their realization . END
moreover , as communist power increases , the enjoyment of these conditions throughout the world UNK pro UNK and the possibility of their restoration becomes increasingly remote . END
it follows that victory over communism is the dominant , UNK goal of american policy . END
UNK in the sense that there are more distant , more `` positive '' ends we seek , to which victory over communism is but a means . END
but dominant in the sense that every other objective , no matter how worthy intrinsically , must UNK to it . END
peace is a worthy objective ; ; END
but if we must choose between peace and keeping the communists out of berlin , then we must fight . END
freedom , in the sense of self-determination , is a worthy objective ; ; END
but if granting self-determination to the algerian rebels entails sweeping that area into the UNK orbit , then algerian freedom must be postponed . END
justice is a worthy objective ; ; END
but if justice for UNK entails driving the government of the union of south africa away from the west , then the UNK must be prepared to carry their identification cards yet a while longer . END
prosperity is a worthy objective ; ; END
but if providing higher standards of living gets in the way of producing sufficient guns to resist communist aggression , then material sacrifices and denials will have to be made . END
it may be , of course , that such objectives can be pursued UNK with a policy designed to overthrow communism ; ; END
my point is that where conflicts arise they must always be resolved in favor of achieving the indispensable condition for a tolerant world -- the absence of soviet communist power . END
this much having been said , the question remains whether we have the resources for the job we have to do -- defeat communism -- and , if so , how those resources ought to be used . END
this brings us squarely to the problem of power , and the uses a nation makes of power . END
i submit that this is the key problem of international relations , that it always has been , that it always will be . END
and i suggest further that the main cause of the trouble we are in has been the failure of american UNK , ever since we assumed free world leadership in 1945 , to deal with this problem realistically and seriously . END
in the recent political campaign two charges were leveled affecting the question of power , and i think we might begin by trying to put them into proper focus . END
one was UNK false ; ; END
the other , for the most part , true . END
the first was that america had become -- or was in danger of becoming -- a second-rate military power . END
i know i do not have to dwell here on the absurdity of that contention . END
you may have misgivings about certain aspects of our military establishment -- i certainly do -- but you know any comparison of over-all american strength with over-all soviet strength finds the united states not only superior , but so superior both in present weapons and in the development of new ones that our advantage promises to be a permanent feature of UNK relations for the foreseeable future . END
i have often searched for a graphic way of UNK our superiority on those americans who have doubts , and i think mr. UNK UNK has done it well in his new book american might and soviet myth . END
suppose , he says , that the tables were turned , and we were in the UNK position : `` there would be more than 2,000 modern soviet fighters , all better than ours , stationed at 250 bases in mexico and the caribbean . END
overwhelming russian naval power would always be within a few hundred miles of our coast . END
half of the population of the u.s. would be needed to work on arms just to feed the people '' . END
add this to the unrest in the countries around us where oppressed peoples would be ready to turn on us at the first opportunity . END
add also a comparatively primitive industrial plant which would severely limit our capacity to keep abreast of the soviets even in the missile field which is reputed to be our main strength . END
if we look at the situation this way , we can get an idea of khrushchev's UNK worries -- or , at least , of the worries he might have if his enemies were disposed to exploit their advantage . END
the other charge was that america's political position in the world has progressively deteriorated in recent years . END
the contention needs to be formulated with much greater precision than it ever was during the campaign , but once that has been done , i fail to see how any serious student of world affairs can quarrel with it . END
the argument was typically advanced in terms of u.s. `` prestige '' . END
prestige , however , is only a minor part of the problem ; ; END
and even then , it is a concept that can be highly misleading . END
prestige is a measure of how other people think of you , well or ill . END
but contrary to what was implied during the campaign , prestige is surely not important for its own sake . END
only the vain and UNK sentimental among us will lose sleep simply because foreign peoples are not as impressed by our strength as they ought to be . END
the thing to lose sleep over is what people , having concluded that we are weaker than we are , are likely to do about it . END
the evidence suggests that foreign peoples believe the united states is weaker than the soviet union , and is bound to fall still further behind in the years ahead . END
this ignorant estimate , i repeat , is not of any interest in itself ; ; END
but it becomes very important if foreign peoples react the way human beings typically do -- namely , by taking steps to end up on what appears to be the winning side . END
to the extent , then , that declining u.s. prestige means that other nations will be tempted to place their UNK on an ultimate american defeat , and will thus be more vulnerable to soviet intimidation , there is reason for concern . END
still , these UNK about the outcome of the struggle cannot be as important as the actual power relationship between the soviet union and ourselves . END
here i do not speak of military power where our advantage is obvious and overwhelming but of political power -- of influence , if you will -- about which the relevant questions are : is soviet influence throughout the world greater or less than it was ten years ago ? ? END
and is western influence greater or less than it used to be ? ? END
in answering these questions , we need to ask not merely whether communist troops have crossed over into territories they did not occupy before , and not merely whether disciplined agents of the UNK are in control of governments from which they were formerly excluded : the success of UNK war against the west does not depend on such spectacular and definitive UNK . END
success may mean merely the displacement of western influence . END
communist political warfare , we must remember , is waged UNK and in deliberate stages . END
fearful of inviting a military showdown with the west which they could not win , the communists seek to undermine western power where the nuclear might of the west is irrelevant -- in backwoods guerrilla UNK , in mob UNK in the streets , in UNK , in UNK meetings of UNK conspirators , at the united nations , on the propaganda front , at diplomatic conferences -- preferably at the highest level . END
the soviets understand , moreover , that the first step in turning a country toward communism is to turn it against the west . END
thus , typically , the first stage of a communist UNK is to `` UNK '' a country . END
the second stage is to retain the nominal classification of `` neutralist '' , while in fact turning the country into an active advocate and UNK of soviet policy . END
and this may be as far as the process will go . END
the UNK goal is the isolation and capture , not of ghana , but of the united states -- and this purpose may be served very well by countries that UNK under a `` neutralist '' mask , yet in fact are dependable UNK of the soviet foreign office . END
to UNK the particulars of recent soviet successes is hardly reassuring . END
six years ago french UNK , though in UNK , was in the western camp . END
today northern UNK is UNK communist ; ; END
laos is UNK between communism and pro-communist neutralism ; ; END
UNK is , for all practical purposes , neutralist . END
indonesia , in the early days of the republic , leaned toward the west . END
today UNK government is heavily UNK by UNK communists , and for all of its `` neutralist '' UNK , it is a firm ally of soviet policy . END
ceylon has moved from a pro-western orientation to a neutralism openly hostile to the west . END
in the middle east , UNK , UNK and egypt were , a short while ago , in the western camp . END
today the UNK and UNK governments are UNK hostile to the west , are dependent for their military power on soviet equipment and personnel ; ; END
in almost every particular follow the UNK foreign policy line . END
a short time ago all africa was a western preserve . END
never mind whether the UNK and the UNK enjoyed UNK self-determination : the point is that in the struggle for the world that vast land mass was under the domination and influence of the west . END
today , africa is UNK violently away from the west and UNK , it would seem , into the soviet orbit . END
latin america was once an area as `` safe '' for the west as nebraska was for nixon . END
today it is up for UNK . END
one latin american country , cuba , has become a soviet UNK ninety miles off our coast . END
in some countries the trend has gone further than others : mexico , panama , and UNK are displaying open sympathy for UNK , and there is no country -- save the dominican republic whose funeral services we recently arranged -- where UNK and UNK does not prevent the government from UNK UNK the american cause . END
only in europe have our lines remained firm -- and there only on the surface . END
the strains of neutralism are running strong , notably in england , and even in germany . END
what have we to show by way of UNK ? ? END
we have had opportunities -- clear invitations to plant our influence on the other side of the iron curtain . END
there was the hungarian revolution which we praised and UNK , but did nothing about . END
there was the polish revolution which we misunderstood and then helped guide along a course favorable to soviet interests . END
there was the revolution in tibet which we pretended did not exist . END
only in one instance have we moved UNK and effectively to UNK existing communist power : in UNK . END
and contrary to what has been said recently , we did not wait for `` outside pressures '' and `` world opinion '' to bring down that communist government ; ; END
we moved decisively to effect an anti-communist coup UNK . END
we served our national interests , and by so doing we saved the UNK people the ultimate in human misery . END
the first rattle of the machine guns , at UNK in the evening , UNK around me the varied voices and faces of fear . END
`` sounds exactly like last time '' . END
the young man spoke steadily enough , but all at once he looked grotesquely UNK . END
the middle-aged man said over and over , `` why did i come here , why did i come here '' . END
then he was sick . END
amid the UNK of small arms and automatic weapons , i heard the thumping of UNK . END
then the lights went out . END
this was my second day in vientiane , the administrative capital of laos , and my thoughts were none too brave . END
where was my flashlight ? ? END
where should i go ? ? END
to my room ? ? END
better stay in the hotel lobby , where the walls looked good and thick . END
chinese and indian merchants across the street were slamming their steel shutters . END
hotel attendants pulled parked UNK into the lobby . END
a woman with a small boy slipped in between them . END
`` please '' , she said , `` please '' . END
she held out her hand to show that she had money . END
the american newspaperman worried about getting to the cable office . END
but what was the story ? ? END
had the UNK pathet lao finally come this far ? ? END
or was it another revolt inside vientiane ? ? END
`` let's play hero '' , i said . END
`` let's go to the roof and see '' . END
by UNK the answer was plain . END
there had been an UNK of the moon . END
a traditional lao explanation is that the moon was being swallowed by a toad , and the remedy was to make all possible noise , ideally with firearms . END
the UNK was successful , too , for just before the moon disappeared , the frightened toad had begun to spit it out again , which meant good luck all around . END
how quaint it all seemed the next day . END
a restaurant posted a reminder to patrons `` who became excited and left without paying their checks '' . END
but everyone i met had sought cover first and asked questions later . END
and no wonder , for vientiane , the old city of UNK , had become the city of bullet holes . END
i saw holes in planes at the airport and in cars in the streets . END
along the main UNK hardly a house had not been UNK . END
in place of the police headquarters was a new square filled with UNK . END
UNK had demolished the defense ministry and set fire to the american embassy next door . END
what had been the UNK suite was now jagged walls of blackened brick . END
this damage had been done in the battle of vientiane , fought less than three months earlier when four successive governments had ruled here in three days ( december UNK , 1960 ) . END
and now , in march , all laos suffered a state of siege . END
the pathet lao forces held two northern provinces and openly took the offensive in three more . END
throughout the land their UNK UNK spread fear of ambush and death . END
`` and it's all the more tragic because it's so little deserved '' , said mr. j. j. a. UNK , a belgian official of the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization . END
we talked after i hailed his jeep marked with the u.n. flag . END
practically all the people of laos , he explained -- about two million of them -- are rice farmers , and the means and motives of modern war are as strange to them as clocks and steel UNK . END
they look after their fields and children and water UNK in ten or eleven thousand villages , with an average of 200 souls . END
nobody can tell more closely how many villages there are . END
they spread over an area no larger than oregon ; ; END
yet they include peoples as different from one another as UNK are from UNK . END
life must be kept in harmony END
what matters here is family loyalty ; ; END
faith in the buddha and staying at peace with the UNK , the spirits ; ; END
and to live in harmony with nature '' . END
harmony in laos ? ? END
`` precisely '' , said mr. UNK . END
he spoke of the season of UNK and dust , brought by the UNK from the northeast , in harmony with the season of rain and mud , brought by the UNK from the southwest . END
the slim UNK in harmony with the UNK UNK UNK river . END
shy , UNK girls at the loom in harmony with the UNK by the UNK . END
even life in harmony with death . END
for so long as death was not violent , it was natural and to be welcomed , making a funeral a UNK . END
to many a frenchman -- they came 95 years ago , UNK , and stayed until laos became independent in 1953 -- the land had been even more delightfully UNK than UNK . END
yet laos was now one of the most explosive headaches of statesmen around the globe . END
the pathet lao , stiffened by communist veterans from neighboring north viet nam , were supplied by soviet aircraft . END
the royal lao army , on the other hand , was paid and equipped with american funds . END
in six years , u.s. aid had amounted to more than UNK for each american -- a total of three hundred million dollars . END
we were there at a moment when the situation in laos threatened to UNK another war among the world's giants . END
even if it did not , how would this little world of gentle people cope with its new reality of grenades and UNK guns ? ? END
to find out , we traveled throughout that part of laos still UNK controlled , in the daytime at least , by the royal lao army : from UNK , the city of buffalo UNK in the southeast , to UNK sing , the city of lions in the northwest , close to communist china ( map , page 250 ) . END
we rode over roads so rough that our jeep came to rest atop the soil between UNK , all four wheels spinning UNK . END
we flew in UNK planes so UNK that we wondered why they didn't crash . END
in the end we ran into communist artillery fire . END
`` we '' were bill UNK of the national geographic illustrations staff , whose three cameras and eight lenses made him look as formidable as any fighting man we met ; ; END
boun my , our interpreter ; ; END
boun my -- the name means one who has a boun , a celebration , and is therefore lucky -- was born in UNK , the border of paradise . END
he had attended three universities in the united states . END
but he had never seen the mountainous half of his native land north of vientiane , including the royal capital , UNK UNK . END
before the airplanes came , he said , travel in laos was just about impossible . END
alas , so it almost proved for us , too . END
to go outside the few cities required permits . END
and getting them seemed a life's work . END
nobody wanted americans to be hurt or captured , and few soldiers could be spared as UNK . END
we were told that to the pathet lao , a UNK american was worth at least UNK , a fortune in laos . END
everyone had heard of the american contractor who had UNK an escort . END
now pathet lao propagandists were reported marching him barefoot from village to village , as evidence of evil american intervention . END
although we enjoyed our rounds of the government offices in vientiane , with officials offering tea and pleasing conversation in french , we were getting nowhere . END
we had nearly decided that all the tales of lao lethargy must be true , when we were invited to take a trip with the prime minister . END
could we be ready in 15 minutes ? ? END
his UNK had decided only two hours ago to go out of town , and he was eager to be off . END
and so , after a flight southeast to UNK , we found ourselves bouncing along in a jeep right behind the UNK of prince boun UNK of UNK , a tall man of UNK UNK in a bush jacket and a UNK hat from texas . END
from his shoulder bag UNK the UNK barrel of a UNK . END
the temperature rose to UNK . END
with our company of soldiers , we made one long column of UNK dust . END
in UNK UNK , the city of UNK , the prime minister bought fried chickens and fried UNK , and two UNK for me . END
then we drove on , until there was no more road and we traversed dry rice fields , bouncing across their squat earth walls . END
it was a UNK day . END
an hour of bouncing , a brief stop in a village to inspect a new school or UNK . END
more bouncing , another stop , a new house for teachers , a new well . END
then off again , rushing to keep up . END
but our two jeep mates -- UNK UNK from UNK UNK and john cool from UNK , pennsylvania -- were beaming under their coatings of dust . END
together they had probably done more than any other men to help push laos toward the 20th century -- UNK . END
mr. UNK , once a diplomat in paris and washington , was commissioner of rural affairs . END
john , an engineer and UNK with a UNK from the london school of economics , headed the rural development division of UNK , the united states operations mission administering u.s. aid . END
`` what you see are self-help projects '' , john said . END
`` we ask the people what they want , and they supply the labor . END
we send UNK , cement , nails , and corrugated iron for roofs . END
that way they have an UNK for UNK . END
we have UNK such projects , and they add up to a lot more than just roads and wells and schools . END
ask mr. UNK '' . END
`` our people have been used to accepting things as they found them '' , he said . END
`` where there was no road , they lived without one . END
now they learn that men can change their surroundings , through their traditional village elders , without violence . END
that's a big step toward a modern state . END
you might say we are in the UNK business '' . END
in the villages people lined up to give us flowers . END
then came UNK , eggs , and rice wine . END
the prime minister paid his respects to the buddhist monks , strode rapidly among the houses , UNK with the local UNK , and made a speech . END
the soldiers are fighting and the americans are helping , he said , but in the fight against the pathet lao the key factor is the UNK himself . END
then we were off again . END
we did it for three days . END
but our UNK tour of the south wasn't all misery . END
crossing the UNK width of the UNK at UNK , on a raft with an outboard motor , we took off our dusty UNK and enjoyed a veritable ocean breeze . END
then we hung overboard in the water . END
briefly we rolled over a paved road up to UNK song , on the cool UNK UNK . END
the prince visited the hospital of operation brotherhood , supported by the junior chamber of commerce of the philippines , and fed rice to two pet elephants he kept at his residence at UNK song . END
strings keep souls in place END
in the village of UNK , which means `` peaceful '' , we had a UNK . END
this is the most UNK of lao ceremonies . END
it takes place in the household , a rite of UNK for myriad occasions -- for the traveler , a wedding , a newborn child , the sick , the new year , for any good purpose . END
the preparations were elaborate : flowers , candles , UNK sticks , rice wine , dozens of UNK , and pieces of white cotton string . END
the strings were draped around flowers in tall silver UNK ( page UNK ) . END
the candles were lighted , and we sat on UNK UNK among the village UNK . END
i was careful to keep my feet , the seat of the least worthy spirits , from pointing at anyone's head , where the UNK spirits UNK . END
now a distinguished old man called on nine UNK to come and join us . END
next he addressed himself to our souls . END
a man has 32 souls , one for each part of the body . END
those souls like to wander off , and must be called back . END
with the UNK present and our souls in place , we were wished health , happiness , and power . END
then , one after another , the UNK tied the waiting cotton strings around our wrists . END
these were to be kept on , to hold in the 32 souls . END
as we stepped out into the sunlight , a man came up to john cool and silently showed him his hand . END
it had a UNK hole as big as a silver dollar . END
we could see UNK moving . END
john said : `` i have some antiseptic UNK with me , but it's too late for that '' . END
my interviews with teen-agers confirmed this portrait of the weakening of religious and ethnic bonds . END
jewish identity was often confused with social and economic UNK . END
`` being jewish gives you tremendous drive '' , a boy remarked . END
`` it means that you have to get ahead '' . END
when i pressed for a purely religious definition , i encountered the familiar blend of liberal piety , interfaith good will , and a small residue of ethnic loyalty . END
`` i like the tradition '' , a girl said . END
`` i like to follow the holidays when they come along . END
but you don't have to worship in the traditional way . END
you can communicate in your own way . END
as i see it , there's no real difference between being jewish , catholic , or protestant '' . END
another UNK remarked : `` most jews don't believe in god , but they believe in people -- in helping people '' . END
still another boy asserted : `` to be a good jew is to do no wrong ; ; END
it's to be a good person '' . END
when asked how this was different from being a good protestant , the boy answered , `` it's the same thing '' . END
this UNK with the study by UNK and UNK . END
they discovered that , although 42 per cent of a sample of catholic students and 15 per cent of the protestants believed it important to live in accordance with the teachings of their religion , only 8 per cent of the jewish students had this conviction . END
the most important aims of the jewish students were as follows : to make the world a better place to live in -- 30 per cent ; ; END
to get happiness for yourself -- 28 per cent ; ; END
and financial independence -- 21 per cent . END
nevertheless , most of the teen-agers i interviewed believed in maintaining their jewish identity and even envisioned joining a UNK or temple . END
however , they were hostile to jewish UNK , UNK to believe in UNK `` but in a moderate way '' . END
one boy said UNK about orthodox jews : `` it's the twentieth century , and they don't have to wear beards '' . END
the reason offered for clinging to the ancestral faith lacked force and authority even in the UNK minds . END
`` we were brought up that way '' was one statement which won general assent . END
`` i want to show respect for my parents' religion '' was the way in which a boy justified his UNK a halfway house of UNK . END
still another suggested that he would join a temple `` for social reasons , since i'll be living in a suburb '' . END
UNK , which is generally regarded as a threat to jewish survival , was regarded not with horror or apprehension but with a kind of mild , clinical disapproval . END
most of the teen-agers i interviewed rejected it on pragmatic grounds . END
`` when you marry , you want to have things in common '' , a girl said , `` and it's hard when you don't marry someone with your own background '' . END
a UNK girl from the middle west observed UNK that , in her community , religion UNK interfered with religious activities -- at least with the peripheral activities that many middle class jews now regard as religious . END
it appears that an orthodox girl in the community disrupted plans for an outing sponsored by one of the jewish service groups because she would not travel on saturday and , in addition , required UNK food . END
another girl from a relatively large midwestern city described herself as `` the only orthodox girl in town '' . END
this is , no doubt , inaccurate , but it does convey how isolated she feels among the vast army of the UNK . END
one of the significant things about jewish culture in the older teen years is that it is largely UNK . END
sixty-five per cent of the jewish teen-agers of college age attend institutions of higher learning . END
this is substantially higher than the figures for the american population at large -- UNK per cent for males and UNK per cent for females . END
this may help explain a phenomenon described by a small-town jewish boy . END
in their first two years in high school , jewish boys in this town make strenuous UNK to win positions on the school teams . END
however , in their junior and senior years , they generally UNK their athletic UNK , presumably in the interest of better academic achievement . END
it is significant , too , that the older teen-agers i interviewed believed , unlike the younger ones , that jewish students tend to do better academically than their gentile counterparts . END
the percentage of jewish girls who attend college is almost as high as that of boys . END
the motivations for both sexes , to be sure , are different . END
the vocational motive is the dominant one for boys , while jewish girls attend college for social reasons and to become culturally developed . END
one of the significant developments in UNK life is that the cultural consumers are largely the women . END
it is they who read -- and make -- jewish UNK and then persuade their husbands to read them . END
in upper teen jewish life , the UNK group tends to have a sense of UNK . END
`` people automatically assume that i'm in college '' , a UNK machinist observed UNK . END
however , among the girls , there are some UNK UNK for not going to college . END
the jewish working girl almost invariably works in an office -- in UNK to gentile factory workers -- and , UNK by a respectable income , she is likely to dress better and live more UNK than the college student . END
she is even prone to regard the college girl as immature . END
the lower-middle class college student END
one of the reasons for the high percentage of jewish teen-agers in college is that a great many urban jews are enabled to attend local colleges at modest cost . END
this is particularly true in large centers of jewish population like new york , chicago , and philadelphia . END
what is noteworthy about this large group of teen-agers is that , although their attitudes hardly UNK them from their gentile counterparts , they actually lead their lives in a vast UNK jewish UNK with relatively little contact with the UNK world . END
perhaps the jewish students at brooklyn college -- UNK 85 per cent of those who attend the day session -- can serve as a paradigm of the urban , lower-middle class jewish student . END
there is , to begin , an important sex difference . END
typically , in a lower-middle class jewish family , a son will be sent to an out-of-town school , if financial resources warrant it , while the daughter will attend the local college . END
there are two reasons for this . END
first , the girl's education has a lower priority than the son's . END
second , the attitude in jewish families is far more protective toward the daughter than toward the son . END
most jewish mothers are determined to exercise vigilance over the social and sexual lives of their daughters by keeping them home . END
the consequence of this is that the girls at brooklyn college UNK the boys and do somewhat better academically . END
one can assume that some of the brightest boys are out of town . END
brooklyn college students have an ambivalent attitude toward their school . END
on the one hand , there is a sense of not having moved beyond the UNK of their high school . END
this is particularly acute for those who attended UNK high school directly across the street from brooklyn college . END
they have a sense of UNK at being denied that special badge of status , the out-of-town school . END
at the same time , there is a good deal of UNK at attending a good college -- they are even inclined to exaggerate its not UNK virtues -- and they express pleasure at the UNK in-group feeling that the college generates . END
`` it's people of your own kind '' , a girl remarked . END
`` you don't have to watch what you say . END
of course , i would like to go to an out-of-town school where there are all kinds of people , but i would want lots of jewish kids there '' . END
for most brooklyn college students , college is at once a UNK of their ethnic attachments and a breaking away from the cage of neighborhood and family . END
brooklyn college is unequivocally jewish in tone , and efforts to UNK the college by bringing in UNK midwestern types on the faculty have been UNK . END
however , a growing intellectual sophistication and the new UNK imparted by courses in psychology and anthropology make the students increasingly critical of their somewhat provincial and UNK parents . END
and the rebellion of these third generation jews is not the traditional conflict of culture but , rather , a protest against a culture that they view as softly and UNK UNK . END
`` as long as i'm home , i'll never grow up '' , a UNK boy observed sadly . END
`` they don't like it if i do anything away from home . END
it's so much trouble , i don't usually bother '' . END
for girls , the UNK is far more pervasive . END
parents will drive on friday night to pick up their daughters after a UNK or house plan meeting . END
a freshman girl's father not too long ago called a dean at brooklyn college and demanded the `` UNK '' on a boy who was going out with his daughter . END
the domestic UNK even extend to the choice of a major field . END
under pressure from parents , the majority of brooklyn college girls major in education since that UNK best with marriage plans -- limited graduate study requirement and convenient working hours . END
this means that a great many academically talented girls are discouraged from pursuing graduate work of a more demanding nature . END
a kind of double standard exists here for jewish boys and girls as it does in the realm of sex . END
the breaking away from the prison house of brooklyn is gradual . END
first , the student trains on his UNK parents the heavy artillery of his newly acquired psychological and sociological insights . END
then , with the new affluence , there is actually a UNK forth into the wide , wide world beyond the precincts of new york . END
it is significant that the UNK , which used to be the summer playground for older teen-agers , a kind of summer suburb of new york , no longer UNK them in great numbers -- except for those who work there as waiters , bus boys , or UNK in the day camps . END
the great world beyond UNK . END
but it should be pointed out that some of the new watering places -- fire island , nantucket , UNK , long island , for example -- tend to be UNK jewish . END
although brooklyn college does not yet have a UNK program , a good number of students spend summers in europe . END
in general , however , the timetable of travel UNK considerably behind that of the student at harvard or smith . END
and UNK into the world at large is likely to occur for the brooklyn college student after college rather than during the four school years . END
brooklyn college is UNK UNK territory , as much as the bronx or central park west . END
there are UNK of UNK young women there who , UNK by their impatient mothers , are determined to marry . END
it is interesting that , although the percentage of married students is not appreciably higher at brooklyn than elsewhere -- about 30 per cent of the women and 25 per cent of the men in the graduating class -- the anxiety of the unmarried has puffed up the estimate . END
`` almost everybody in the senior class is married '' , students say UNK . END
and the school newspaper sells space to UNK UNK , UNK , and houses ( in the house plan association ) that have good news to impart . END
these announcements are , in effect , UNK for themselves as thriving marriage UNK . END
there are UNK UNK in the newspaper of UNK , UNK , UNK , engagements , and marriages in a UNK UNK hierarchy of felicity . END
`` UNK house happily UNK the engagement of fran UNK to UNK schwartz of UNK house '' . END
the brooklyn college student shows some striking departures from prevailing collegiate models . END
the ivy league enjoys no easy dominion here , and the boys are as likely to dress in rather UNK continental fashion , or even in nondescript working class manner , as they are in the restrained , UNK ivy way . END
the girls are prone to dress far more UNK than their counterparts out of town , and eye shadow , UNK , and elaborate UNK UNK -- despite the UNK of cautious guidance personnel -- are not unknown even in early morning classes . END
among the boys , there is very little bravado about drinking . END
brooklyn college is distinctive for not having an official drinking place . END
the fort lauderdale UNK for drinking is foreign to most brooklyn college boys . END
this should be used frequently ( but shaken before using ) . END
for UNK breasts , the mother should shave into half a cup of fresh UNK lard enough white UNK to make a paste . END
this could also be used for any other skin irritation . END
or she might place UNK in the oven for a short time and then apply this under her breasts . END
`` female troubles '' of various kinds do not seem to have been common on the frontier ; ; END
at least i have only one remedy for anything of this kind in my collection , one for UNK delayed UNK . END
the sufferer drinks UNK tea . END
bruises , burns , cuts , etc. , occurred frequently on the frontier , and folk medicine gave the answers to these problems too . END
bruises and black eyes were relieved by application of raw UNK . END
( doctors now say that it was not the meat but the coolness of the applications which relieved the pain . END
) salted butter was another cure for bruises . END
many people agreed that burns should be treated with UNK oily UNK or UNK butter or lard , but one UNK told me that a burn should be bathed in salt water ; ; END
the burn UNK UNK fluid for many days , and finally the healing was completed by bathing it with UNK salts . END
another swore by vinegar baths for burns , and still another recommended salted butter . END
`` butter UNK '' or `` butter UNK '' was used for burns , and for bruises as well . END
this was made by putting butter in a pan of water and allowing it to boil ; ; END
when it was cool , the fat was skimmed off and UNK . END
UNK milk was another cure for burns , and burns covered with gum arabic or plain UNK healed quickly . END
one man , badly burned about the face and eyes by an arc UNK UNK , was blinded and could not find a doctor at the time . END
a sympathetic friend made UNK of raw potato UNK , which she said was the best and UNK way to draw out the `` heat '' . END
later the doctor used mineral oil on the burns . END
the results were good , but which treatment helped is still not known . END
to stop bleeding , UNK were applied to cuts and wounds . END
one UNK said to sprinkle sugar on a bleeding cut , even when on a UNK , if it was made by a rusty tool ; ; END
this would stop the flow and also prevent infection . END
my lawyer told me that his mother used a similar remedy for cuts and wounds ; ; END
she sprinkled common sugar directly on the injury and then bound it loosely with cotton cloth , over which she poured turpentine . END
he showed me one of his fingers which had been practically UNK and which his mother had treated ; ; END
there is scarcely a scar showing . END
tobacco was common first aid . END
a `` UNK '' of tobacco put on an open wound was both antiseptic and healing . END
or a thin slice of plug tobacco might be laid on the open wound without chewing . END
one old man told me that when he was a boy he was kicked in the head by a UNK mule and had his scalp laid back from the entire front of his head . END
his brother ran a mile to get the father ; ; END
when they reached the boy , the father sliced a new plug of tobacco , put the scalp back in place , and covered the raw edges with the UNK . END
then he put a rag around the dressing to keep it in place . END
there was no cleaning or further care , but the wound healed in less than two weeks and showed no scar . END
UNK from the herb garden was also used to stop bleeding , and rue was an antiseptic . END
until quite recently , `` sterile '' UNK could be bought to apply to a wound ; ; END
they would feed on its surface , leaving it clean so that it could be UNK treated . END
UNK could be avoided by pouring warm turpentine over a wound . END
one family bound wounds with bacon or salt pork strips , or , if these were not handy , plain lard . END
another sprinkled sugar on hot coals and held the wounded foot or hand in the smoke . END
UNK were cured or prevented by `` UNK '' which the pioneer wore or carried . END
in UNK there were known to be twenty-two in norton county , and one had been in the family for 200 years . END
another cure for UNK was to suck the wounds , then UNK them with a hot knife or poker . END
while nowadays we recognize the fact that there are many causes for bleeding at the nose , not long ago a UNK was simply that , and treatment had little variation . END
since a fall or blow might have caused it , a cold pack was usually first aid . END
this might be applied to the top of the nose or the back of the neck , pressed on the upper lip , or inserted into the UNK ( cotton was usually used in this last ) . END
UNK could be stopped by wrapping a red woolen string about the patient's neck and tying it in a knot for each year of his life . END
or the victim could UNK hard on a piece of paper , meanwhile pressing his fingers tight in his ears . END
old UNK could be healed by the constant application of a wash made of equal parts vinegar and water . END
blood UNK could be prevented from forming by rubbing a work UNK immediately with any hard UNK substance . END
UNK were cured by taking common salt and drying it in the oven , pounding it fine , and mixing it with equal parts of spirits of turpentine ; ; END
this mixture was then spread on a cloth and wrapped around the affected part . END
as the cloth dried , more of the mixture was applied , and after twenty-four hours the UNK was supposed to be `` killed '' . END
insect bites were cured in many ways . END
many an UNK swore by the saliva method ; ; END
`` get a bite , spit on it '' was a proverb . END
this was used also for bruises . END
yellow clay was used as a UNK for insect bites and also for UNK ; ; END
not long ago `` denver mud '' was most popular . END
UNK were a common pest along streams and where gardens and UNK thrived ; ; END
so small as to be scarcely visible to the eye , they buried themselves in the victim's flesh . END
bathing the itching parts with kerosene gave relief and also killed the UNK . END
ant bites were eased by applying liquid UNK . END
for UNK bites a paste of half a glass of salt and half a glass of UNK was made . END
for UNK UNK onion juice , obtained by scraping an onion , gave quick relief . END
a UNK remedy was to bathe the painful part in strong UNK water ; ; END
mud was sometimes used as well as soap . END
just plain old black dirt was also used as a pack to relieve UNK or bee UNK . END
UNK were a common pest in pioneer days ; ; END
to keep them out of homes , even in the UNK , was a chore . END
bed UNK were washed in UNK water , legs of beds were placed in cups of kerosene , and all woodwork was treated liberally with corrosive UNK , applied with a feather . END
kerosene was very effective in UNK pioneer homes of the UNK . END
at times pioneer children got UNK in their hair . END
a kerosene UNK seems a heroic treatment , but it did the job . END
to remove an insect from one's ear warm water should be inserted . END
a UNK or other small object could be removed from the eye by placing a UNK in the eye . END
as the seed UNK its UNK covering protected the UNK from irritation , and both the UNK and the seed could soon be washed out . END
another way to remove small objects from the eye was to have the person look UNK ; ; END
the particle would then move toward the nose , where it could be wiped out with a UNK of cotton . END
shingles were cured by UNK , an old drug , used in combinations . END
for UNK a mixture of one UNK UNK and one UNK glycerine was applied to the afflicted part on linen cloth . END
itching skin , considered `` just nerves '' , was eased by treating with whiskey and salt . END
winter itch was treated by applying strong apple UNK in which UNK UNK had been steeped . END
to cure UNK UNK on mouth or hands people made a strong tea by using a handful of UNK bark in a UNK of water . END
they drank half a cup of this morning and night , and they also washed and soaked their hands in the same solution . END
six treatments cured one case which lasted a month and had defied other remedies . END
UNK was treated by putting the feet and hands in ice water or by rubbing them with snow . END
now one hears that heat and hot water are used instead . END
another remedy was oil of UNK , used as well for UNK . END
UNK were also treated with UNK of UNK or cabbage leaves . END
UNK have always been a source of much trouble . END
a german UNK gave me a sure cure made by combining rye flour and UNK into a UNK . END
another UNK was made from the inner bark of the UNK tree , steeped in water until it formed a sticky , UNK solution . END
this was also used for UNK . END
another frequent pioneer difficulty , caused by wearing rough and heavy shoes and boots , was UNK . END
one UNK woman tells me she has used thin potato UNK for both UNK and UNK on her feet and they remove the pain or `` fire '' . END
another common cure was to soak the feet five or ten minutes in warm water , then to apply a solution of equal parts of UNK and common brown soap on a kid bandage overnight . END
this softened the skin so that in the morning when the bandage was removed the corn could be scraped off and a bit of corn plaster put on . END
there were many UNK for warts . END
one young girl told me how her mother removed a wart from her finger by soaking a copper penny in vinegar for three days and then painting the finger with the liquid several times . END
another wart removal method was to rub each wart with a bean split open and then to bury the bean UNK under the UNK of the house for seven days . END
saliva gathered in the mouth after a night's sleep was considered poisonous ; ; END
wetting a wart with this saliva on UNK the first thing in the morning was supposed to cause it to disappear after only a few treatments , and strangely enough many warts did just that . END
one wart cure was to wrap it in a hair from a blonde gypsy . END
another was to soak raw beef in vinegar for twenty-four hours , tie it on the wart , and wear it for a week . END
a simpler method was to tie a thread tightly around the wart at its base and wear it this way . END
i know this worked . END
one person recommended to me washing the wart with UNK water ; ; END
another said it should be rubbed with a cut potato three times daily . END
another common method was to cut an onion in two and place each half on the wart for a moment ; ; END
the onion was then fastened together with string and placed beneath a dripping UNK . END
as the onion decayed , so did the wart . END
sore muscles were relieved by an UNK rub ; ; END
sore feet by UNK , an herb from the UNK UNK herb garden , or by soaking the feet in a pan of hot water in which two cups of salt had been dissolved . END
leg UNK , one person tells me , were relieved by standing barefoot with the weight of the body on the heel and pressing down hard . END
this does give relief , as i can testify . END
one doctor prescribed a tablespoon of whiskey or brandy before each meal for leg UNK . END
pains in the back of the leg and in the abdomen were prevented from reaching the upper body by tying a rope about the patient's waist . END
for UNK and UNK , one pint of UNK vinegar and half a pint of spirits of turpentine added to three well beaten eggs was said to give speedy relief . END
except for the wine waiter in a restaurant -- always an inscrutable UNK unto himself , the UNK with the keys to UNK the gates of the wine world are one's dealer , and the foreign UNK or UNK who in turn supplies him . END
in instances where both of these are persons or firms with integrity , the situation is ideal . END
it may , on occasion , be anything but that . END
however , by UNK a wine dealer and accepting his advice , one will soon enough ascertain whether he has any knowledge of wines ( as opposed to what he may have been told by salesmen and promoters ) and , better yet , whether he has a taste for wine . END
again , by spreading one's purchases over several wine dealers , one becomes familiar with the names and specialties of reputable wine dealers and UNK abroad . END
this is important because , despite all the efforts of the french government , an appreciable segment of france's export trade in wines is still UNK with a UNK approaching downright UNK , and there are many too many UNK who would rather turn a UNK than UNK a creditable reputation overseas . END
a good UNK or UNK will not only be the man or the firm which has UNK the wines from the best vineyards , or the best parts of them ; ; END
he may also be the one who makes and bottles the best UNK -- sound wines from vineyards generally in his own district . END
these are the wines the french themselves use for everyday drinking , for even in france virtually no one drinks the UNK crus on a UNK basis . END
the UNK crus are expensive , and even UNK UNK tire of them . END
and certainly , in the case of the UNK or the comparatively UNK wine UNK , the UNK and the capacity for appreciation will not be ready for the UNK crus as a steady diet without frequent recourse to crus of less UNK . END
there is nothing UNK dig about a good blend from a good UNK . END
some of them are very delicious indeed , and there are many good ones UNK -- unfortunately , along with others not so good , and worse . END
consultation with a reputable wine dealer and constant experimentation -- `` steering ever from the known to the unknown '' -- are the UNK . END
wine waiters are something else again ; ; END
especially if one is travelling or dining out a great deal , their importance mounts . END
most of them , the world over , operate on the same principle by which justice is administered in france and some other latin countries : the customer is to be considered guilty of UNK ignorance until proven otherwise , with the burden of proof on the customer himself . END
now the drinking of wine ( and happily so ! ! END
) is for the most part a UNK affair , for manifestly , if everyone in the world who could afford the best wines also liked them , the supply would dry up in no time at all . END
this is the only valid , and UNK , argument that may be advanced in defense of the UNK attitude of the common wine waiter . END
a really good wine waiter is , paradoxically , the guardian ( and not the UNK ) of his cellar against the UNK . END
faced , on the one hand , with an always UNK supply of his best wines , and on the other by a UNK usually equipped with UNK UNK , it is a wonder indeed that all wine waiters are not afflicted with chronic ambivalence . END
the one way to get around them -- short of knowing exactly what one wants and sticking to it -- is to frequent a single establishment until its wine waiter is persuaded that one is at least as interested in wine as in spending money . END
only then , perhaps , will he reveal his UNK and his UNK . END
wine bought from a dealer should ideally be allowed to rest for several weeks before it is served . END
this is especially true of red wines , and a practice which , though not always practicable , is well worth the effort . END
it does no harm for wine to stand on end for a matter of days , but in terms of months and years it is fatal . END
wine stored for a long time should be on its side ; ; END
otherwise , the cork UNK and air enters to UNK it . END
when UNK wine on its side in a bin , care should always be taken to be sure there is no air bubble left next to the cork . END
fat bottles , such as UNK , have a way of rolling around in the bin and often need little props , such as a bit of cardboard or a chip of wood , to hold them in the proper UNK posture . END
too much UNK in the cellar UNK the UNK , again with ill effects . END
the best rule of thumb for detecting UNK wine ( provided the eye has not already spotted it ) is to smell the wet end of the cork after pulling it : if it smells of wine , the bottle is probably all right ; ; END
if it smells of cork , one has grounds for suspicion . END
seasonal rises or drops in temperature are bad for wine : they age it UNK . END
the ideal storage temperature for long periods is about UNK degrees , with an allowable range of five degrees above or below this , provided there are no sudden or frequent changes . END
prolonged vibration is also undesirable ; ; END
consequently , one's wine closet or cellar should be away from machines or UNK driven UNK . END
if one lives near a subway or an express parkway , the solution is to have one's wines stored with a dealer and brought home a few at a time . END
light , especially daylight , is always bad for wine . END
all in all , though , there is a good deal of nonsense expended over the preparations thought necessary for ordinary wine drinking ; ; END
many people go to extreme lengths in UNK , chilling or warming , or UNK without further investigation any bottle with so much as a slightly suspicious cork . END
no one should wish to deny these UNK the obvious pleasure they derive from all this , and to give fair warning where warning is due , no one who becomes fond of wines ever UNK acquiring some degree of UNK ! ! END
but the fact remains that in most restaurants , including some of the best of paris and UNK and UNK , the bottle is frankly and simply brought from the cellar to the table when ordered , and all the conditioning or preparation it ever receives takes place while the chef is preparing the meal . END
a white wine , already at cool cellar temperature , may be adequately chilled in a bucket of ice and water or the freezing compartment of a refrigerator ( the former is far preferable ) in about fifteen minutes ; ; END
for those who live in a winter climate , there is nothing better than a bucket of water and snow . END
though by no means an ideal procedure , a red wine may similarly be brought from the cellar to the dining room and opened twenty minutes or so before serving time . END
it may be a bit cold when poured ; ; END
but again , as one will have observed at any restaurant worth its salt , wine should be served in a large , UNK glass , which is never filled more than half full . END
in this way , red wine UNK of itself quite rapidly -- and though it is true that it may not attain its potential of taste and fragrance until after the middle of the meal ( or the course ) , in the meantime it will have run the gamut of many UNK and interesting stages . END
the only cardinal sin which may be committed in warming a wine is to force it by putting it next to the stove or in front of an open fire . END
this invariably UNK any UNK character , and drives its fragrance underground . END
it should not be forgotten that wines mature fastest in UNK , less fast in full bottles , slowly in magnums -- and slower yet in UNK , double magnums , UNK , UNK , and UNK , respectively . END
very old red wines often require several hours of aeration , and any red wine , brought from the cellar within half an hour of UNK , should be UNK and allowed some air . END
but white wines never ! ! END
white wines should be opened when served , having been previously chilled in proportion to their UNK . END
thus , UNK or UNK should be very cold ; ; END
a UNK or a UNK somewhat less cold . END
UNK is an accepted method for covering up the faults of many a cheap or poor white wine , especially a dry wine -- and certainly less of a crime than serving a wine at a temperature which reveals it as UNK . END
the fragrance and taste of any white wine will die a lingering death when it is allowed to warm or is exposed for long to the air . END
to quote professor UNK : `` the last glass of claret or burgundy is as good as the first ; ; END
but the first glass of UNK UNK or UNK is a great deal better than the last '' ! ! END
this does not mean , though , that a red wine improves with prolonged aeration : there is a reasonable limit -- and wines kept over to the next meal or the next day , after they have once been opened , are never as good . END
if this must be done , they should always be UNK and kept in a cool place ; ; END
it should be remembered that their lasting qualities are appreciably shorter than those of milk . END
a few red wines , notably those of the UNK , are better consumed at cellar temperature . END
by tradition , a red wine should be served at approximately room temperature -- if anything a little cooler -- and be aged enough for the UNK and acids to have worked out and the UNK have settled well . END
thus , red wine must , if possible , never be disturbed or shaken ; ; END
very old red wine is often UNK so that the UNK , bitter elements which have settled to the bottom will not be mingled with the wine itself . END
a UNK between an old bottle and an inefficient UNK may do as much harm as a week at sea . END
the cork should be pulled gradually and smoothly , and the lip of the bottle wiped afterward . END
many people use wicker UNK for old red wine , lifting the bottle carefully from the bin into the cradle and eventually to the table , without disturbing the UNK . END
another school UNK on such a UNK , and insists that after leaving the bin an old red wine should first stand on end for several days to allow the UNK to roll to the very bottom , after which the bottle may be gently eased to a tilted position on its side in the cradle . END
in france , when one wishes to entertain at a restaurant and serve truly fine old red wines , one visits the restaurant well ahead of time , chooses the wines and , with the advice of the manager and his chef , builds the menu around them . END
the wine waiter will see to it that the bottles are taken from the bin and opened at least in time to warm and UNK , preferably allowed to stand on end for as long as possible and , perhaps in the case of very old wines , be UNK . END
UNK old wine UNK it fully ; ; END
it may also be -- practically speaking -- a matter of good economy . END
for , in the process of UNK , the bottle is only tilted once instead of several or more times at the table : hence , a minimum of the undesirable mixture of wine and dregs . END
though there are many exceptions , which we have noted in preceding pages , white wine is as a rule best consumed between two and six years old , and red wines , nowadays , between three and ten . END
red wines of good years tend to mature later and to keep longer ; ; END
the average claret is notably UNK than its opposite number , red burgundy . END
some UNK do not come into their own until they are ten or fifteen years of age , or even more . END
if a red UNK of a good name and year is bitter or acid , or UNK and UNK , leave it alone for a while . END
most of the wines of UNK , on the other hand , should be drunk while very young ; ; END
and UNK may be . END
giffen replied UNK and enthusiastically : `` rest assured that your accompanying letter of instructions shall be in the letter and spirit strictly complied with and most particularly in regard to that part of them relative to the completion of your noble and humane views '' . END
giffen lost no time in visiting the plantation . END
the slaves appeared to be in good health and at work under john palfrey's UNK . END
an excellent crop was expected that year . END
william , who lived in neighboring st. mary's parish , had taken charge and decided that it would be best for all if the plantation were operated for another year . END
giffen advised acceptance of this plan , UNK the depressed market for land then prevailing and the large stock of provisions at the plantation . END
if sold then , the land and improvements might bring only $5,000 . END
early in january , 1844 he had a conference with henry and william in new orleans , and upon learning of UNK intention , henry UNK calmly but firmly with his brother . END
the emancipation plan would not only be UNK to all the UNK , he contended , but would be a form of cruelty UNK on the UNK negroes . END
they were not capable of supporting themselves off the plantation , and louisiana law required their removal from the state . END
gorham refused to accept money for slave property , but did he realize how much expense and trouble the transportation of his negroes to the north involved ? ? END
the suggestion that giffen hire out the slaves was not realistic , since no planter would take the risk of having negroes who knew they were to be free living with his own slaves . END
henry hid his annoyance , although both he and william were furious with their yankee brother . END
william , who did not write to gorham , told giffen that unless he could operate the plantation as usual for a year , he would sue `` UNK '' to protect his interests . END
palfrey was determined that his portion of the slaves be converted to wage laborers during the transition period before emancipation . END
if william wished to continue operations for a year , why not simply leave the negroes UNK and pay them `` as high wages to remain there as are ever paid the labor of persons of their sex & age . END
a disposition to exert themselves for my benefit would perhaps be a motive with some of them to come into the scheme . END
their having family ties on our plantation & the adjoining one would be a stronger UNK '' . END
when he heard of his UNK anger , palfrey was still hopeful that they could be persuaded to accept his notion of paying wages . END
if not , he was willing to UNK to william's wishes in any way that did not block his ultimate aim . END
william was adamant on one point : under no circumstances would he allow the negroes to remain on the plantation with his and UNK slaves if they were told of their coming freedom . END
knowing the antipathy that existed in louisiana against increasing the number of free negroes , giffen suggested that palfrey bring them to boston at once , and then send them on to UNK . END
lacking specific instructions , he agreed to william's condition . END
in march there was a division of the slaves , and giffen carried out his instructions as nearly as possible . END
of the UNK slaves , giffen succeeded in getting a lot of twenty , twelve of whom were females . END
`` i considered that your views would be best carried out '' , he explained , `` by taking women whose UNK will of course be free & more fully extend the UNK of emancipation . END
i have also taken the old servants of your father as a matter of conscience & justice '' . END
the ages of the slaves ranged from sixty-five , for an old house servant , to an unnamed newborn child . END
if palfrey ever had any doubts about the UNK of slavery , they were put aside after he received an inventory of the slave property he had inherited . END
this cold UNK of human worth in a legal paper , devoid of compassion or humanity , was all he needed . END
each human being , known only by a given name , had a cash value . END
old sam's sixty-five years had reduced his value to $150 ; ; END
rose , a UNK with UNK potential , was worth UNK . END
in rejecting any claim to the value of the slave property , palfrey was giving up close to UNK . END
palfrey's brothers each received lots of sixteen negroes , and for bookkeeping purposes it was agreed that all lots were to be valued at UNK . END
thus twenty `` black souls '' were to remain ignorant of their UNK journey to the land of free men . END
giffen extracted one UNK from william : the house servants could be free at any time gorham thought expedient . END
despite UNK warning , palfrey still had plans for UNK his slaves in louisiana . END
yet even if he could get the necessary approval , fourteen of his negroes could not be UNK without special permission . END
according to state law a slave had to be at least thirty years old before he could be freed . END
palfrey petitioned the state legislature to UNK the requirement . END
otherwise , freedom would mean removal from the state in which `` as the place of their past residence from birth , or for many years , it would be materially for their advantage to be at liberty to remain '' . END
on march 11 the louisiana legislature voted unanimously to table the petition . END
news of the legislative veto appeared in the new orleans papers , and henry and william became UNK by the fact that they had not been told of the attempt in advance . END
henry UNK into UNK office waving a copy of the new orleans UNK , shouting that the emancipation scheme had become a public affair , and that it would reach the `` ears of the people on the plantation , and make them restless & unhappy '' . END
his UNK anger caused palfrey genuine concern , for he had imposed a dual mission upon himself : to free his slaves , and to keep the family from falling apart over the issue . END
when giffen decided to charge him interest on the loan from john palfrey , gorham readily UNK , UNK that in a matter of dollars and cents , his brothers would never have any cause to complain of him . END
in view of these difficulties , palfrey decided to go to louisiana . END
giffen had already urged him to journey south , if only for a few days to clear up matters . END
his duties as massachusetts secretary of state obliged him to wait until the adjournment of the legislature in UNK . END
palfrey told his wife of his intentions for the first time , and left for new orleans apprehensively invoking a special blessing of providence that he might be allowed to see his family again . END
during his journey palfrey stopped off to see two abolitionists . END
in both cases he desired information about placing the UNK in homes once they arrived in the north . END
in new york , UNK maria child welcomed him enthusiastically : `` i have lately heard of you from the legislature of louisiana , and felt joy at your public recognition of the brotherhood of man '' . END
mrs. child , who had once apologized for sending editor palfrey a book on slavery , now confided that she had helped one of henry palfrey's slaves escape to canada some years before , but asked him not to UNK the fact in louisiana . END
she agreed to take charge of five or six of the negroes should palfrey decide to send them north immediately . END
at lexington , kentucky , palfrey consulted with UNK m. clay on the same subject , but with no apparent result . END
despite his apprehensions about his personal safety , palfrey's reception in new orleans was more than cordial . END
instead of the expected `` UNK '' due to the nature of his mission , he received many calling cards and invitations from `` gentlemen of mark , on whom i had no sort of claim , & have had many more invitations than i could accept '' . END
he later told UNK UNK quincy of the `` marked attention and UNK '' with which the new orleans gentlemen and the UNK UNK greeted him . END
the memory of this southern hospitality did not survive the trials of coming UNK years and civil war . END
palfrey's autobiography contains a melodramatic account of two perilous days spent among the UNK of UNK , `` many of whom were coarse & passionate people , much excited by what they heard of my plans '' . END
he proceeded with his task bravely -- in his memoirs , at least -- before the `` passions of my neighbors should have time to boil too high '' . END
palfrey had already made up his mind that he would allow the men , but not the women , to choose freely whether or not to go north for freedom . END
the women by remaining behind condemned their children , born and unborn , to UNK . END
he had a short private talk with each adult slave . END
only one objected , but palfrey soon convinced him that he ought to go with the others . END
all the slaves joined in requesting that they be allowed to delay their departure until the end of the planting season , so that they could get in `` their own little produce '' . END
the slaves were to remain as wage laborers for his account . END
william's threat that under no conditions would he allow `` UNK '' slaves to mix with his own was not carried out , for the plantation continued in operation as before . END
palfrey returned to massachusetts greatly relieved to have made an arrangement `` so satisfactory to my judgment & my conscience '' . END
from cambridge , palfrey maintained a close interest in the welfare of his slaves . END
in fact , as the time for their departure approached , his UNK increased . END
should any slave change his mind and request to leave earlier , giffen was to provide passage at once . END
when a sailing date of march , 1845 was finally established , palfrey made sure that the negroes would have comfortable quarters in new orleans and aboard ship . END
giffen assured him that the captain and his mate had personally promised to treat the negroes with consideration . END
palfrey was also concerned about the question of what wage to pay for their labor throughout 1844 . END
the plantation was sold in january , 1845 , and palfrey thought the new owner ought to pay his people two months' wages . END
giffen suggested fifty dollars as fair compensation for a year's work ; ; END
the new owner at UNK declined to enter into any philanthropic arrangement . END
on march 21 , 1845 the bark UNK weighed anchor at new orleans , while on the UNK henry and william palfrey waved farewell to their father's former UNK who must have looked back at the receding shore with mingled regret and UNK . END
not all of palfrey's slaves were aboard the UNK . END
giffen had advised that it would not be too difficult to obtain freedom locally for the old house servants . END
two of these were included in palfrey's lot . END
giffen filed a petition for permission to UNK four slaves ( all more than fifty years old ) with the st. UNK parish police jury . END
after an initial rejection , which he attributed to a `` general excitement against abolition and emancipation '' , giffen UNK the right individuals on the jury , and got the permission without further delay . END
when the negroes landed at boston a month later they were , of course , no longer slaves . END
slavery was prohibited in massachusetts by the terms of the constitution of UNK , which declared `` all men are born free and equal '' . END
nevertheless , palfrey arranged a religious ceremony at king's chapel to UNK the emancipation . END
an UNK recalled how awkward the UNK colored women appeared as they UNK in the church doorway , and the UNK the former slaves displayed while they listened to the few words that declared them free . END
once the question of emancipation was settled to palfrey's satisfaction , he faced a real problem in placing the UNK in suitable homes as servants . END
palfrey tried UNK to place a negro boy in the UNK community , but he had better luck in his other attempts . END
mrs. child , true to her word , helped place anna and her four children with a quaker family named UNK near UNK , new york . END
this group had been palfrey's greatest worry since anna was in bad health , and her children were too young to work for their keep . END
but certainly the new frontier has brought to washington a group more varied in background and interest . END
secretary of state dean rusk , a former rhodes scholar and mills college dean , has headed the rockefeller foundation and in that role expended large sums for international cultural exchange . END
one of his initial acts in office was to appoint philip coombs of the ford foundation as the first assistant secretary of state for educational and cultural affairs . END
( `` in the late forties and fifties '' , coombs has declared in defining his role , `` two strong new arms were added to reinforce united states foreign policy economic assistance and military assistance . END
as we embark upon the sixties we have an opportunity to build a third strong arm , aimed at the development of people , at the fuller realization of their creative human potential , and a better understanding among them '' . END
many of the new appointees are art collectors . END
UNK UNK UNK has returned to the capital with a collection of paintings that include UNK , UNK , UNK , van UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , picasso , and walt UNK . END
the director of the peace corps , r. sargent shriver , jr. , a kennedy brother-in-law , collects heavily among the UNK , including UNK UNK and UNK UNK . END
secretary of the treasury douglas dillon owns a prize UNK , UNK UNK un UNK . END
secretary of defense robert UNK , former president of the ford motor company , comes from a generation different from that of eisenhower's own first secretary of defense , charles wilson , who had been head of general motors . END
unlike wilson , who at times seemed almost UNK in his earthy UNK . END
UNK is the UNK . END
an UNK reader of books , he chose while working in detroit to live in the university community of ann UNK , almost forty miles away . END
he selected as comptroller of defense , not a veteran UNK , but a former rhodes scholar , charles hitch , who is author of a study on the economics of defense in the nuclear age . END
one of the president's special assistants , the harvard dean UNK UNK , was UNK with henry l. UNK of the latter's classic UNK , on active service . END
another , arthur m. UNK , jr. , has won a UNK prize in history ; ; END
his wife , UNK , is a portrait painter . END
the press secretary , pierre salinger , was a child UNK as a pianist . END
( `` it is always of sorrow to me when i find people who neither know nor understand music '' , he declared not long ago in proposing that white house prizes be awarded for music and art . END
) mrs. arthur goldberg , wife of the secretary of labor , paints professionally and helps sponsor the associated artists' gallery in the district of columbia . END
( `` artists are always at a new frontier '' , she claims . END
`` in fact , the search is almost more important than the find '' . END
) mrs. henry UNK , wife of the new director of the foreign aid program , is the writer and lecturer eve UNK . END
the list goes on . END
at last count , sixteen former rhodes scholars ( see box on page 13 ) had been appointed to the administration , second in number only to its harvard graduates . END
besides UNK , the justice department's information director , edwin UNK , has won a UNK prize ( for national reporting ) . END
postmaster general j. edward day , who must deal with matters of postal censorship , is himself author of a novel , UNK street , UNK one he was obliged to UNK at his own expense . END
two men show promise of playing prominent roles : END
william walton , a UNK , has been a long-time friend of the president . END
they arrived in washington about the same time during the early postwar years : kennedy as the young congressman from massachusetts ; ; END
walton , after a wartime stint with UNK , to become bureau chief for the new republic . END
both lived in UNK , were UNK , and shared an active social life . END
walton , who soon made a break from journalism to become one of the UNK leading UNK painters , vows that he and kennedy never once discussed art in those days . END
nonetheless , they found common interests . END
during last year's campaign , kennedy asked walton , an utter UNK in organization politics , to assist him . END
walton dropped everything to serve as a district UNK in the UNK wisconsin primary and proved so useful that he was promoted to be liaison officer to critically important new york city . END
walton , who served as a correspondent with general james gavin's UNK during the invasion of france , combines the soul of an artist with the UNK of a tough guy . END
he provoked outraged editorials when , after a UNK inspection of the white house with mrs. kennedy , he remarked to reporters , `` we just UNK the joint to see what was there '' . END
but his UNK are impeccable . END
already the president and the first lady have UNK him to advise on matters ranging from the furnishing of the white house to the UNK of lafayette square . END
a man of great talent , he will continue to serve as a sort of presidential UNK , strictly UNK UNK , for culture . END
a more official representative is the secretary of the interior . END
udall , who comes from one of the UNK UNK of arizona , is a bluff , UNK man with a lust for politics and a habit of landing right in the middle of the fight . END
but even while UNK furiously with republican politicians , he displays a deep and awesome UNK for anyone with cultural UNK . END
his private dining room has become a way station for visiting intellectuals such as c. p. snow , arnold toynbee , and aaron UNK . END
udall argues that interior affairs should cover a great deal more than UNK and wildlife preserves . END
after promoting UNK appearance at the inauguration , he persuaded the poet to return several months later to give a reading to a select audience of cabinet members , members of congress , and other washington UNK gathered in the state department auditorium . END
the event was so successful that the interior secretary plans to serve as UNK for similar ones from time to time , hoping thereby to add to the cultural UNK of the administration . END
his ideas in this respect , however , sometimes arouse critical response . END
one UNK was stirred up last march when udall announced that an UNK bronze statue of william UNK bryan , UNK by the late UNK UNK , would be sent `` on indefinite loan '' to salem , illinois , UNK birthplace . END
spokesmen for the nation's UNK UNK promptly claimed that udall was UNK the statue because of his own hostility to this art form . END
they dug up a speech he had made two years earlier as a congressman , UNK the more than two hundred statues , monuments , and UNK which `` dot the washington landscape as patriotic societies and zealous friends are constantly hatching new plans '' . END
hoping to cut down on such works , udall had proposed that a politician be at least fifty years departed before he is UNK . END
he is not likely to win this battle easily . END
in the case of the UNK statue an interior aide was obliged to announce that there had been a misunderstanding and that the secretary had no desire to `` UNK '' it out of washington . END
the last congress adopted seven bills for UNK , including one to UNK UNK , the UNK poet UNK ; ; END
eleven others were introduced . END
active warfare is UNK between the forces pressing for a monument to the first roosevelt on theodore roosevelt island in the UNK , and UNK own living children , who wish to preserve the island as a wildlife sanctuary . END
the UNK debated plan for the UNK franklin d. roosevelt memorial , a circle of huge UNK engraved with his speeches ( and promptly dubbed by one of its critics , `` instant UNK '' ) , is another of UNK headaches , since as supervisor of the national parks commission he will share in the responsibility for building it . END
`` washington '' , president kennedy has been heard to remark ironically , `` is a city of southern efficiency and northern charm '' . END
there have been indications that he hopes to UNK that situation , commencing with the white house . END
one of mrs. kennedy's initial concerns as first lady was the sad state of the furnishings in a building which is supposed to be a national shrine . END
ever since the fire of 1812 destroyed the beautiful furniture assembled by president thomas jefferson , the white house has collected a UNK of period pieces , few of them authentic or aesthetic . END
mrs. kennedy shows a determination to change all this . END
not long after moving in she turned up a richly carved desk , UNK from the timbers of the british ship UNK resolute and presented to president hayes by queen victoria . END
it now serves the president in his oval office . END
later , UNK in an old issue of the gazette des UNK , she found a description of a handsome UNK UNK purchased in 1817 by president james monroe . END
she traced it to a storage room . END
with its coating of gold radiator paint removed -- a UNK of some earlier tenant -- it will now occupy its rightful place in the oval blue room on the first floor of the white house . END
but it soon became clear that the search for eighteenth-century furniture ( which mrs. kennedy feels is the proper period for the white house ) must be pursued in places other than government storage rooms . END
the first lady appointed a fine arts advisory committee for the white house , to locate authentic pieces as well as to arrange ways to acquire them . END
her effort to put the home of living presidents on the same basis as mount vernon and UNK recognizes no party lines . END
by rough estimate her committee , headed by henry francis du pont , contains three times as many republicans as democrats . END
the press releases UNK from the white house give a clue to the activity within . END
a UNK has been appointed . END
a valuable UNK UNK drawing of benjamin franklin by UNK UNK has been donated by the art dealer UNK UNK and now hangs in the blue room . END
the american institute of interior designers is UNK the white house library . END
secretary and mrs. dillon have contributed enough pieces of empire furniture , including UNK UNK own sofa , to furnish a room in that style . END
and part of a fabulous collection of UNK UNK , UNK to the white house by the late mrs. margaret thompson UNK , has been taken out of its locked cases and put on display in the state dining room . END
woman's place is in the home : man must attend to matters of the yard . END
one of the UNK problems to first confront president kennedy was the property lying just across pennsylvania avenue from the white house . END
congress had already appropriated money , and plans were well along to tear down the buildings UNK lafayette square and replace them with what one critic calls the `` marble UNK '' of government office buildings . END
while a senator , kennedy had UNK pushed a bill to preserve the UNK theater , as well as the UNK madison and the benjamin taylor houses , all scheduled for UNK . END
what to do about it now that he was president ? ? END
only a few days after moving into the white house . END
kennedy made a midnight inspection of the square . END
then he called in his friend walton and turned over the problem to him , with instructions to work out what was best -- provided it didn't pile unnecessary burdens on the president . END
the situation involved some political UNK . END
one of the offices UNK for reconstruction is the aged court of claims , diagonally across the street from the white house . END
logically , it should be moved downtown . END
but judge marvin jones , senior member of the court , is an elderly gentleman who lives at the nearby metropolitan club and desires to walk to work . END
more importantly , he also happens to be the brother-in-law of sam rayburn , speaker of the house . END
there were aesthetic problems as well as political . END
on UNK deeper , walton discovered that most of the buildings UNK the square could be classified as `` early nondescript '' . END
the old UNK theater , over which many people had grown sentimental , was only a shell of its former self after arduous years as a UNK center . END
the UNK madison house , walton concluded , was scarcely worth preserving . END
`` the attempt to save the UNK historic value '' , he declares , `` came half a century too late '' . END
surrounded by ancient UNK , the campus is spacious and beautiful . END
the buildings are mostly UNK . END
the dartmouth student does not live in monastic UNK , as he once did . END
but his is still a simple life relatively free of the female presence or influence , and he must go far , even though he may go fast , for sophisticated pleasures . END
he is still heir to the rare gifts of space and silence , if he chooses to be . END
he is by no means the country boy he might have been in the last century , down from the hills with bear grease on his hair and a zeal for book learning in his heart . END
the men's shops on UNK main street compare favorably with those in princeton and new haven . END
and the automobiles that stream out of hanover each weekend , toward smith and UNK and mount UNK , are no less UNK than those leaving cambridge or west philadelphia . END
but there has always been an outdoor air to dartmouth . END
the would-be UNK and the UNK youth adopt this air without embarrassment . END
no one here UNK fun at UNK virtues . END
and this gives rise to an easy UNK probably UNK elsewhere in the ivy league . END
it even affects the faculty . END
thus , when UNK winter carnival -- widely recognized as the greatest , UNK , UNK college weekend anywhere , any time -- was broadcast over a national television UNK , UNK john sloan UNK appeared on the screen in rugged winter UNK , topped off by a UNK which he confessed had been acquired from a smith girl . END
president UNK golden UNK , UNK in the snow at his feet , added to the picture of masculine UNK . END
this carefree UNK for `` side '' cropped up again in the same television broadcast . END
dean UNK UNK , wearing ski clothes , was UNK a UNK UNK queen of the carnival . END
she must have looked UNK pretty to the dean as he put the crown on her head . END
so he kissed her . END
no dartmouth man was surprised . END
dartmouth students enjoy other unusual diversions with equal UNK . END
for example , groups regularly canoe down the connecticut river . END
this is in honor of john UNK , class of UNK , who UNK a canoe out of a handy tree and first set the course way back in his own student days . END
and these hardy travelers are not UNK today . END
they are hailed by the nation's press , and smith girls UNK the UNK at UNK and UNK the voyageurs with hot soup and kisses . END
UNK favorite and most characteristic recreation is skiing . END
since the days when their two thousand pairs of UNK UNK those assembled anywhere else in the united states , the students have stopped regarding the olympic ski team as another name for their own . END
yet dartmouth still is the dominant member of the intercollegiate ski union , which includes the winter sports colleges of canada as well as those of this country . END
dartmouth students ski everywhere in winter , starting with their own front door . END
they can hire a horse and go UNK behind him , or move out to oak hill , where there's a lift . END
the dartmouth UNK , at UNK ledge , ten miles north of the campus , has one of the best UNK in the east , ranging from UNK to expert . END
forty miles farther north is mount UNK , UNK own mountain . END
here , at the UNK lodge , president UNK acts as host every year to about a hundred UNK who are being introduced by the dartmouth outing club to life on the trails . END
the lodge , built of UNK virgin spruce , can handle fifty people for dining , sleeping , or lounging in its huge living room . END
the outing club also owns a chain of fourteen cabins and several shelters , extending from the vermont hills , just across the river from the college , through hanover to the college grant -- UNK acres of wilderness UNK miles north up in the logging country . END
the cabins are equipped with bunks , blankets , and cooking equipment and are ideal bases for hikes and skiing trips . END
the club runs regular trips to the cabins , but many of the students prefer to take off in small unofficial groups for a weekend of hunting , fishing , climbing , or skiing . END
under the auspices of the outing club , dartmouth also has the UNK club , which takes on tough UNK like mount mckinley , and UNK & bullet , whose interests are self-evident , and even sports a UNK team , which UNK with other new england colleges in wood UNK and chopping , canoe races , and the like . END
there is much to be said for a college that , while happily UNK to the sophisticated UNK , still gives its students a chance to get up early in the morning and drive along back roads where a glimpse of small game , deer , or even bear is not uncommon . END
city boys find a lot of learning in the feel of an ax handle or in the sharp tang of a UNK , come upon suddenly in a backwoods logging camp . END
and on the summit of mount washington , where thirty-five degrees below zero is commonplace and the wind velocity has registered higher than anywhere else in the world , there is a kind of wisdom to be found that other men often seek in the UNK `` because it is there '' . END
there is much to be said for such a college -- and dartmouth men have been accused of saying it too often and too loudly . END
their affection for their college home has even caused president UNK to comment on this `` place loyalty '' as something rather specially hanoverian . END
probably a lawyer once said it best for all time in the supreme court of the united states . END
early in the nineteenth century the state of new hampshire was casting about for a way to found its own state university . END
it fixed on dartmouth college , which was ready-made and just what the proctor ordered . END
the legislators decided to `` liberate '' dartmouth and entered into a UNK with the college trustees over the control of classrooms , faculty , and chapel . END
for a time there were two factions on the campus fighting for possession of the student body . END
the struggle was resolved in 1819 in the supreme court in one of the most UNK cases in our judicial history . END
in 1817 the lawyers were generally debating the legal UNK of private contracts and charters . END
a lawyer , hired by the college , was arguing specifically for dartmouth : daniel webster , class of 1801 , made her plight the dramatic focus of his whole plea . END
in an age of UNK , he was the king of UNK , and both he himself and chief justice marshall were bathed in UNK tears , as uncle UNK reached his UNK climax : END
`` it is , sir , as i have said , a small college , and yet there are those who love it . END
dartmouth is today still a small college -- and still a private one , thanks to UNK UNK . END
this is not out of keeping with its origins , probably the most humble of any in the ivy group . END
UNK UNK , a presbyterian minister , founded the school in UNK , naming it after the second earl of dartmouth , its sponsor and benefactor . END
UNK , pausing on the hanover plain , found its great forests and UNK good and with his own hands built the first college hall , a log hut dedicated `` for the education & instruction of youth of the indian tribes in this land in reading , writing & all parts of learning which shall appear necessary and expedient for UNK & UNK children of UNK as well as in all liberal arts and sciences ; ; END
and also of english youth and any others '' . END
it was a hardy undertaking , and UNK was indeed `` a voice crying in the wilderness '' . END
a road had to be UNK through UNK forests between hanover and portsmouth to permit governor UNK and a company of gentlemen to attend the first dartmouth UNK in UNK . END
the governor and his UNK thoughtfully brought with them a glorious silver UNK which is still one of the cherished possessions of the college . END
the UNK on this occasion set a standard for subsequent dartmouth gatherings . END
a student orator `` produced tears from a great number of the learned '' even before the punch was served . END
then from the branches of a UNK tree an indian UNK , UNK both the platform and the english language , UNK the UNK in his UNK tongue . END
governor UNK contributed an ox for a barbecue on the green beneath the UNK UNK , and a barrel of UNK was UNK . END
the cook got drunk , and president UNK proved to be a man of broad talents by carving the ox himself . END
future UNK were more UNK perhaps , but the number of graduates increased from the original four at a relatively slow pace . END
by the end of the nineteenth century , in UNK , when the big three , columbia , and penn were populous centers of learning , dartmouth graduated only UNK . END
the dormitories , including the beloved dartmouth hall , could barely house two hundred students in UNK fashion . END
then in UNK dr. william UNK tucker became president and the UNK great awakening began . END
he transformed dartmouth from a small new hampshire institution into a national college . END
by 1907 the number of undergraduates had risen to UNK . END
and at his last UNK , in that year , dr. tucker and dartmouth were honored by the presence of distinguished academic visitors UNK to the new stature of the college . END
the presidents of cornell , wisconsin , UNK , UNK , vermont , brown , columbia , princeton , yale , and harvard and the presidents UNK of harvard and michigan were there . END
dartmouth is UNK still a small college today , with approximately UNK hundred undergraduates . END
but it has achieved a cross-section of students from almost all the states , and two-thirds of its undergraduates come from outside new england . END
over 450 different schools are usually represented in each entering class . END
only a dozen or so schools send as many as six students , and there are seldom more than fifteen men in any single delegation . END
about two-thirds of the boys now come from public schools . END
it is still a college only and not a university ; ; END
it is , in fact , the only college in the ivy group . END
however , three distinguished associated graduate schools offer professional UNK -- the dartmouth medical school ( third oldest in the country and founded in UNK ) , the thayer school of engineering , and the UNK UNK school of business administration . END
all three are purposely kept small , with a current total enrollment of about two hundred . END
all three schools coordinate their educational programs with that of the undergraduate college and , like the college proper , place emphasis upon a broad liberal arts course as the proper foundation for specialized study . END
students of the college who are candidates for the UNK degree and can satisfy the academic requirements of the medical and business schools , may enter either of these associated schools at the beginning of senior year , thus completing the two-year UNK course in one year . END
the thayer school offers a year of UNK study in somewhat the same way , after a boy wins a UNK in engineering . END
so dartmouth is moving closer to the others in the ivy group . END
it is still , however , the junior member of the league , if not in years at least in the catching up it has had to do . END
it has not been a well-known school for any part of the span the other UNK have enjoyed . END
however much football has been UNK , the public likes to measure its collegiate favorites by the scoreboard , so , while yale need never give its record a thought again since UNK its opponents UNK to 0 in the season of 1888 , dartmouth had to wait until its championship team of 1925 for national recognition . END
it has come on with a rush in more significant areas . END
today it UNK certain ideas in its curriculum that other institutions might consider somewhat UNK . END
but dartmouth preserves its youthful UNK even in its educational attitudes , and , although some of its experiments may still be in the testing stage , they make for lively copy . END
president UNK hopkins once proposed to corral an `` aristocracy of brains '' in hanover . END
the person who left the buggy there has never been identified . END
it was a busy street , conveniently near the shopping center , and UNK horses and wagons were often left at the UNK . END
there are , of course , many weaknesses in any case against emma . END
she didn't like her UNK , but nothing is known to have occurred shortly before the crime that could have caused such a murderous rage . END
she had no way of knowing in advance whether an opportunity for murder existed . END
she would have been taking more than a fair risk of being seen and recognized during her travels . END
if she avoided the train and hired a buggy , the UNK might have recognized her . END
if police had checked on her more thoroughly than is indicated , she would be completely eliminated as a suspect . END
uncle john UNK morse was the immediate popular suspect . END
his sudden UNK appearance at the borden home was strange in that he did not carry an UNK of baggage with him , although he clearly intended to stay overnight , if not longer . END
lizzie stated during the inquest that while her father and uncle were in the sitting room the afternoon before the murders , she had been disturbed by their voices and had closed her door , even though it was a very hot day . END
it is evident that lizzie did not tell everything she overheard between her father and her uncle morse . END
at that time UNK had a young law associate named arthur s. phillips . END
a few years ago , not too long before his death , phillips revealed in a newspaper story that he had always suspected morse of the murders . END
he said morse and borden had quarreled violently in the house that day , information which must have come from lizzie . END
it was obviously the sound of this argument that caused lizzie to close her door . END
the new UNK UNK has reported UNK as saying , long after the trial , that if he only knew what borden said during his conversation with morse , he would have convicted `` somebody '' . END
notice , UNK did not say that he would have obtained a conviction in the trial of lizzie borden . END
he said he would have convicted `` somebody '' . END
it is known that morse did associate with a group of UNK horse traders who made their headquarters at UNK , a town not far from fall river . END
they were a UNK lot and considered to be UNK and undesirable characters . END
fall river police did go to UNK to see if they could get any information against morse and possibly find an UNK whom he might have hired from among these men . END
these officers found no UNK information . END
morse's alibi was not as solid as it seemed . END
he said he returned from the visit to his niece on the 11:20 streetcar . END
the woman in the house where the niece was staying backed up his story and said she left when he did to shop for her dinner . END
fall river is not a fashionable town . END
the dinner hour there was twelve noon . END
if this woman had delayed until after 11:20 to start her shopping , she would have had little time in which to prepare the substantial meal that was eaten at dinner in those days . END
it is possible that morse told the woman it was 11:20 , but it could have been earlier , since she did serve dinner on time . END
police did make an attempt to check on morse's alibi . END
they interviewed the conductor of the streetcar morse said he had taken , but the man did not remember morse as a passenger . END
questioned further , morse said that there had been four or five priests riding on the same car with him . END
the conductor did recall having priests as passengers and this satisfied police , although the conductor also pointed out that in heavily catholic fall river there were priests riding on almost every trip the streetcar made , so morse's statement really proved nothing . END
we do know that morse left the house before nine o'clock . END
bridget testified she saw him leave through the side door . END
morse said borden let him out and locked the screen door . END
from that point on he said he went to the post office and then walked leisurely to where his niece was staying , more than a mile away . END
he met nobody he knew on this walk . END
there is no accounting of his movements in this long gap of time which covers the early hours when mrs. borden was killed . END
morse testified that while he was having breakfast in the dining room , mrs. borden told the servant , `` bridget , i want you to wash these windows today '' . END
UNK testimony was in direct contradiction . END
she said it was after she returned from her UNK spell in the back yard that mrs. borden told her to wash the windows . END
this was long after morse had left the house . END
morse's knowledge of what mrs. borden told bridget could indicate that he had returned secretly to the house and was hidden there . END
he knew the house fairly well , he had been there on two previous visits during the past three or four months alone . END
and despite UNK attempts to show that the house was locked up UNK than a drum , this was not true . END
the screen door was unlocked for some ten or fifteen minutes while bridget was sick in the back . END
it was unlocked all the time she was washing windows . END
morse could have returned openly while bridget was sick in the back yard and gone up to the room he had occupied . END
mrs. borden would not have been alarmed if she saw morse with an ax or hatchet in his hand . END
he had been to the farm the previous day and he could have said they needed the ax or hatchet at the farm . END
mrs. borden would have had no reason to UNK him and he could have approached close enough to her to swing before she could cry out . END
he could have left for UNK street after her murder and made it in plenty of time by using the streetcar . END
if he took an earlier streetcar than the 11:20 on his return , he could have arrived at the borden house shortly after mr. borden came home . END
with lizzie in the barn , the screen door unlocked and bridget upstairs in her attic room , he would have had free and easy access to the house . END
with the second murder over , he could have left , hidden the weapon in some vacant lot or an abandoned UNK in the neighborhood . END
his unconcerned stroll down the side of the house to a pear tree , with crowds already gathering in front of the building and UNK guarding the side door , was odd . END
there was no close examination of his clothes for UNK , and certainly no scientific test was made of them . END
and for a man who traveled around without any change of clothing , a few more stains on his dark suit may very well have gone UNK . END
the motive may have been the mysterious quarrel ; ; END
there was no financial gain for morse in the murders . END
on the other side of the ledger is the fact that he did see his niece and the woman with whom she was staying . END
the time would have been shortly after the murder of mrs. borden and they noticed nothing unusual in his behavior . END
he said he had promised mrs. borden to return in time for dinner and that was close to the time when he did turn up at the borden house . END
what did pearson say about bridget sullivan as a possible suspect in his UNK essay ? ? END
`` the police soon ceased to look upon either bridget or mr. morse as in possession of guilty knowledge . END
neither had any interest in the deaths ; ; END
indeed , it was probably to mr. morse's advantage to have mr. and mrs. borden alive . END
both he and bridget were UNK by lizzie herself '' . END
that was his complete discussion of bridget sullivan as a possible suspect . END
although pearson UNK almost everything lizzie said , and read a sinister purpose into almost everything she did , he happily accepted her statement about bridget as the whole truth . END
he felt nothing further need be said about the servant girl . END
the UNK pearson speaks of is not an UNK , but UNK expression of her opinion , as reported in the testimony of assistant marshal fleet . END
this officer had asked lizzie if she suspected her uncle morse , and she replied she didn't think he did it because he left the house before the murders and returned after them . END
fleet asked the same question about bridget , and lizzie pointed out that as far as she knew bridget had gone up to her room before her father's murder and came down when she called her . END
lizzie , actually , never named any suspect . END
she told police about the prospective tenant she had heard quarreling with her father some weeks before the murders , but she said she thought he was from out of town because she heard him mention something about talking to his partner . END
and , much as she UNK UNK harrington , she also did not accuse him . END
at the inquest she was asked specifically whether she knew anybody her father had bad feelings toward , or who had bad feelings toward her father . END
she replied , `` i know of one man that has not been friendly with him . END
they have not been friendly for years '' . END
asked who this was , she named harrington . END
her statement certainly was true ; ; END
the press reported the same facts in using UNK interview , but lizzie did not suggest at the inquest that harrington was the killer . END
when i interviewed kirby , who as a boy picked up UNK in the borden yard , i asked if anybody else in the household besides lizzie and morse had been under any suspicion at the time of the murders . END
he said he had not heard of anybody else . END
`` how about bridget sullivan '' ? ? END
`` oh , she was just the maid there '' , he replied , waving a hand to indicate how completely unimportant she was . END
kirby was , of course , reflecting the opinion that existed at the time of murders . END
everyone somehow manages to overlook completely the fact that , as far as we know , there were exactly two people in and about the house at the time of both murders : lizzie borden and bridget sullivan . END
all the officials on the case seem to have been afflicted with a similar UNK as far as bridget was concerned , although records in police files contain many reports of servants who have murdered their employers . END
true , it is no longer UNK for the butler to be the killer in mystery fiction , but we are dealing here with actual people in real life and not imaginary characters and situations . END
the actions of bridget should be examined , since she was there and opportunity did exist , if only to establish her innocence . END
there are also other factors that require closer examination . END
the legend as it exists in fall river today always includes the solemn assurance that bridget returned to ireland after the trial with a `` big bundle '' of cash which lizzie gave her for keeping her mouth shut . END
the people who believe and UNK the legend have apparently never troubled to read the trial testimony and do not know that the maid changed her testimony on several key points , always to the UNK of lizzie . END
if bridget did get any bundles of cash , the last person who would have UNK her for services rendered would have been lizzie borden . END
bridget was born in ireland , one of fourteen children . END
she was apparently the pioneer in her family because she had no close relatives in this country at that time . END
she worked as a domestic , first in newport for a year , and then in south UNK , pennsylvania , for another year . END
she finally settled in fall river and , after being employed for a time by a mrs. reed , was hired by the UNK . END
i have previously described how , during the week of the murder , bridget spent the first few hot days UNK and ironing clothes . END
her father , james upton , was the upton mentioned by hawthorne in the famous introduction to the UNK letter as one of those who came into the old custom house to do business with him as the surveyor of the port . END
a gentleman of the old school , mr. upton possessed intellectual power , ample means , and UNK , was a devoted christian . END
the daughter UNK from his interest in scientific and philosophical subjects . END
her mother also was a person of superior mind and broad interests . END
there is clear evidence that lucy from childhood had an unusual mind . END
she possessed an UNK eye , a UNK memory , and a critical faculty . END
when she was nine years old , she wrote a description of a store she had visited . END
she named 48 items , and said there were `` many more things which it would take too long to write '' . END
an essay on `` freedom '' written at 10 years of age quoted the declaration of independence , the freedom given to slaves in canada , and the views of george washington . END
lucy upton was graduated from the salem high school when few colleges , only UNK and UNK , were open to women ; ; END
and she had an appetite for learning that could not be denied . END
a picture of her in high school comes from a younger UNK , albert s. flint , friend of her brother winslow , and later , like winslow , a noted UNK . END
he recalled lucy , as `` a UNK UNK young lady who came regularly through the UNK study hall to join the class in greek in the little UNK room beyond '' . END
the study of greek was the distinctive mark of boys destined to go to college , and lucy upton too expected to go to college and take the full classical course offered to men . END
the death of her mother in 1865 prevented this . END
with four younger children at home , lucy stepped into her mother's role , and even after the brothers and sisters were grown , she was her father's comfort and stay until he died in UNK . END
but even so lucy could not give up her intellectual UNK . END
when her brother winslow became a student at brown university in UNK , she wrote him about a course in history he was taking under professor UNK : `` what is prof. UNK definition of civilization , and take the world through , is its progress ever UNK , or does it UNK at times ? ? END
do you think i might profitably study some of the history you do , perhaps two weeks behind you . END
'' and that she proceeded to do . END
many years later ( on august 3 , 1915 ) , lucy upton wrote UNK daughter soon to be graduated from smith college : `` while i love UNK which , after UNK in for years , i studied according to the methods of that day exactly forty years ago in a summer school , it must be fascinating to take up UNK in the way you are doing . END
whatever was the science in the high school course for the time being , that was my favorite study . END
mathematics came next '' . END
her study of history was UNK pursued . END
she read UNK dark ages , `` which i enjoyed very much '' ; ; END
la UNK on the customs of the middle ages , 16 chapters of UNK `` and liked it more and more '' ; ; END
more chapters of UNK ; ; END
UNK and stanley's eastern church . END
she discussed in her letters to winslow some of the questions that came to her as she studied alone . END
UNK correspondence with brother winslow during his college days was not entirely taken up with academic studies . END
she played UNK with him by postcard . END
also lucy and winslow had a private contest to see which one could make the most words from the letters in `` UNK '' . END
who won is not revealed , but UNK daughter eleanor says they got up to UNK words . END
there was another family interest also . END
winslow had musical talents , as had his father before him . END
at different times he served as UNK and choir leader and as UNK . END
and it was lucy upton who first started the idea of a regular course in music at spelman college . END
winslow upton after graduation from brown university and two years of graduate study , accepted a position at the harvard UNK . END
for three years he was connected with the u.s. naval UNK and with the u.s. signal corps ; ; END
and after 1883 , was professor of astronomy at brown university . END
the six expeditions to study eclipses of the sun , of which he was a member , took him to colorado , virginia , and california as well as to the south pacific and to russia . END
after her father's death , lucy and her youngest sister lived for a few years with winslow in washington , d.c. . END
`` their house '' , writes albert s. flint , `` was always a haven of hospitality and good cheer , especially grateful to one like myself far from home '' . END
lucy was a lively part of the household . END
moreover , she had physical as well as mental vigor . END
winslow , as his daughters eleanor and margaret recall , used to characterize her as `` our iron sister '' . END
there is reason to suppose that lucy would have made a record as publicly distinguished as her brother had it not been that her mother's death occurred just as she was about to enter college . END
as a matter of fact , albert s. flint expressed his conviction that `` her physical strength , her mental power , her lively interest in all objects about her and her readiness to serve her fellow beings '' would have led her `` to a distinguished career amongst the noted women of this country '' . END
while in washington , d.c. , lucy upton held positions in the u.s. census office , and in the pension bureau . END
they were not sufficiently challenging however , and she resigned in 1887 , to go to germany with her brother winslow and his family while he was there on study . END
after the months in europe , she returned to boston and became active in church and community life . END
what was called an `` accidental meeting '' with miss packard in washington turned her attention to spelman . END
here was a cause she believed in . END
after correspondence with miss packard and to the joy of miss packard and miss giles , she came to atlanta , in the fall of 1888 , to help wherever needed , although there was then no money available to pay her a salary . END
she served for a number of years without pay beyond her travel and maintenance . END
her students have spoken of the UNK standards of scholarship and of manners and conduct she expected and achieved from the students ; ; END
of her `` great power of UNK '' ; ; END
of `` her UNK of dress '' , `` her UNK voice that went straight to the hearts of the UNK '' ; ; END
her great love of flowers and plants and birds ; ; END
and her close knowledge of individual students . END
she drew on all her resources of mind and heart to help them -- to make them at home in the world ; ; END
and as graduates UNK recall , she drew on her purse as well . END
many a student was able to remain at spelman , only because of her UNK help . END
under miss upton , the work of the year UNK went forward without interruption . END
after all , she had come to spelman seminary in 1888 , and had been since 1891 except for one year , associate principal or dean . END
she had taught classes in UNK , astronomy ( with the aid of a telescope ) , geometry , and psychology . END
miss upton and miss packard , as a matter of fact , had many tastes in common . END
both had eager and inquiring minds ; ; END
and both believed that intellectual growth must go hand in hand with the development of sturdy character and christian zeal . END
both loved the out-of-doors , including mountain climbing and UNK riding . END
in UNK when the trip to europe and the holy land was arranged for miss packard , it was miss upton who planned the trip , and `` with rare executive ability '' bore the UNK of `` the entire pilgrimage from beginning to end '' . END
so strenuous it was physically , with its days of UNK riding over rough roads that it seems an amazing feat of endurance for both miss packard and miss upton . END
yet they thrived on it . END
at the fifteenth anniversary ( 1896 ) as already quoted , miss upton projected with force and UNK the spelman of the future as a college of first rank , with expanding and unlimited horizons . END
when dr. wallace UNK , wise in his judgment of people , declined to have the science building named for him , he wrote miss UNK ( april 7 , 1923 ) `` if you had asked me , i think i would have suggested that you name the building for miss upton . END
her services to the school for many years were of a very high character , and i have often thought that one of the buildings should be named for her '' . END
such were the qualities of the UNK of the seminary after the death of miss giles . END
at the meeting of the board of trustees , on march 3 , 1910 , miss upton presented the annual report of the president . END
she noted that no student had been withdrawn through loss of confidence ; ; END
that the enrollment showed an increase of boarding students as was desired ; ; END
and that the year's work had gone forward smoothly . END
she urged the importance of more thorough preparation for admission . END
the raising of the $25,000 improvement fund two days before the time limit expired , and the spontaneous `` praise demonstration '' held afterward on the campus , were reported as events which had brought happiness to miss giles . END
with the fund in hand , the debt on the UNK had been paid ; ; END
rockefeller and packard halls had been UNK ; ; END
and ground had been broken for the UNK home . END
miss upton spoke UNK of the response of spelman graduates and negro friends in helping to raise the fund , and their continuing efforts to raise money for greatly needed current expenses . END
she spoke also with deep UNK of the many individuals and agencies whose interest and efforts through the years had made the work so fruitful in results . END
two UNK were recorded : one of $200 under the will of mrs. harriet a. UNK of los angeles ; ; END
and one of $2,000 under the will of miss UNK l. brett of hamilton , new york , a friend from the early days . END
miss upton told the trustees that the death of miss giles was `` the UNK grief '' the seminary had ever been called upon to bear . END
the daughters of spelman , she said , had never known or thought of spelman without her . END
the removal of miss packard 18 years earlier had caused them great sorrow , but they still had miss giles . END
now the school was indeed UNK . END
`` yet spelman has strong , deep roots , and will live for the blessing of generations to come '' . END
miss mary jane packard , UNK UNK , became ill in march , 1910 ; ; END
and when school closed , she was unable to travel to massachusetts . END
she remained in atlanta through june and july ; ; END
she died on august sixth . END
before coming on a visit to spelman in UNK , miss mary had been a successful teacher in UNK , and her position there was held open for her for a considerable period . END
but she decided to stay at spelman . END
she helped with teaching as well as office work for a few years -- the UNK show that she had classes in geography , rhetoric and bookkeeping . END
soon the office work claimed all her time . END
she was closely associated with the founders in all their trials and hardships . END
quiet and energetic , cheerful and calm , she too was a power in the development of the seminary . END
miss giles always used to refer to her as `` sister '' . END
she served as secretary in the seminary office for 25 years , and was in charge of correspondence , records , and bookkeeping . END
the books of the school hold a memorial to her ; ; END
and so do the hearts of students and of teachers . END
mary j. packard , states a messenger editorial , was `` efficient , UNK , UNK , loving , UNK the spirit of her master . END
with infinite patience she responded to every call , no matter at what cost to herself , and to her all went , for she was sure to have the needed information or word of cheer . END
in a few school districts one finds a link between school and job . END
in those vocational programs organized with UNK money , there may be a close tie between the labor union and a local employer on the one hand and the vocational teacher on the other . END
in these cases a graduate may enter directly into an apprentice program , saving a year because of his vocational courses in grades 11 and 12 . END
the apprentice program will involve further education on a part-time basis , usually at night , perhaps using some of the same equipment of the high school . END
these opportunities are to be found in certain cities in such UNK as auto mechanics , carpentry , drafting , electrical work , UNK work , and UNK work . END
formally organized vocational programs supported by federal funds allow high school students to gain experience in a field of work which is likely to lead to a full-time job on graduation . END
the `` diversified UNK '' program is a part-time UNK program conducted over two school years on a cooperative basis between the school and local industrial and business employers . END
the `` UNK education '' program operates in a similar way , with arrangements between the school and employers in merchandising fields . END
in both cases the student attends school UNK and works in a regular job the other half . END
he receives UNK for his work . END
in a few places cooperative programs between schools and employers in clerical work have shown the same possibilities for allowing the student , while still in school , to develop skills which are immediately marketable upon graduation . END
adult education courses , UNK programs of various sorts -- these are all evidence of a continuing interest of the schools in UNK educational opportunities for UNK youth . END
in general , however , it may be said that when a boy or a girl leaves the high school , the school authorities play little or no part in the decision of what happens next . END
if the student drops out of high school , the break with the school is even more complete . END
when there is employment opportunity for youth , this arrangement -- or lack of arrangement -- works out quite well . END
indeed , in some periods of our history and in some neighborhoods the job opportunities have been so good that undoubtedly a great many boys who were potential members of the professions quit school at an early age and went to work . END
statistically this has represented a loss to the nation , although one must admit that in an individual case the decision in UNK may have been a wise one . END
i make no attempt to measure the enduring satisfaction and material well-being of a man who went to work on graduation from high school and was highly successful in the business which he entered . END
he may or may not be `` better off '' than his UNK who went on to a college and professional school . END
but in the next decades the nation needs to educate for the professions all the potential professional talent . END
in a later chapter dealing with the suburban school , i shall discuss the importance of arranging a program for the academically talented and highly gifted youth in any high school where he is found . END
in the negro neighborhoods and also to some extent in the mixed neighborhoods the problem may be one of identification and motivation . END
high motivation towards higher education must start early enough so that by the time the boy or girl reaches grade 9 he or she has at least developed those basic skills which are essential for academic work . END
undoubtedly far more can be done in the lower grades in this regard in the negro schools . END
however , the teacher can only go so far if the attitude of the community and the family is UNK . END
and the fact remains that there are today few shining examples of negroes in positions of intellectual leadership . END
this is not due to any policy of discrimination on the part of the northern universities . END
quite the contrary , as i can testify from personal experience as a former university president . END
rather we see here another vicious circle . END
the absence of successful negroes in the world of scholarship and science has tended to UNK down enthusiasm among negro youth for academic careers . END
i believe the situation is improving , but the success stories need to be heavily publicized . END
here again we run into the UNK that negroes do not like to be designated as negroes in the press . END
how can the vicious circle be broken ? ? END
this is a problem to which leaders of opinion , both negro and white , should devote far more attention . END
it is at least as important as the more dramatic attempts to break down barriers of UNK in the south . END
i should like to UNK four points i made in my first report with respect to vocational education . END
first and foremost , vocational courses should not replace courses which are essential parts of the required academic program for graduation . END
second , vocational courses should be provided in grades 11 and 12 and not require more than half the UNK time in those years ; ; END
however , for slow UNK and prospective UNK these courses ought to begin earlier . END
third , the significance of the vocational courses is that those enrolled are UNK interested in the work ; ; END
they realize the relevance of what they are learning to their future careers , and this sense of purpose is carried over to the academic courses which they are studying at the same time . END
fourth , the type of vocational training programs should be related to the employment opportunities in the general locality . END
this last point is important because if high school pupils are aware that few , if any , graduates who have chosen a certain vocational program have obtained a job as a consequence of the training , the whole idea of relevance UNK . END
vocational training which holds no hope that the skill developed will be in fact a marketable skill becomes just another school `` chore '' for those whose interest in their studies has begun to UNK . END
those who , because of population mobility and the reputed desire of employers to train their own employees , would limit vocational education to general rather than specific skills ought to bear in mind the importance of motivation in any kind of school experience . END
i have been using the word `` vocational '' as a UNK would at first sight think it should be used . END
i intend to include under the term all the practical courses open to boys and girls . END
these courses develop skills other than those we think of when we use the UNK `` academic '' . END
practically all of these practical skills are of such a nature that a degree of mastery can be obtained in high school sufficient to enable the youth to get a job at once on the basis of the skill . END
they are in this sense skills marketable immediately on graduation from high school . END
to be sure , in UNK work and in the building trades , the first job must be often on an apprentice basis , but two years of UNK vocational training enables the young man thus to anticipate one year of apprentice status . END
similarly , a girl who graduates with a good working knowledge of UNK and the use of clerical machines and who is able to get a job at once may wish to improve her skill and knowledge by a year or two of further study in a community college or secretarial school . END
of course , it can be argued that an ability to write english correctly and with some degree of elegance is a marketable skill . END
so , too , is the mathematical competence of a college graduate who has UNK in mathematics . END
in a sense almost all high school and college courses could be considered as vocational to the extent that later in life the student in his UNK ( which may be a profession ) will be called upon to use some of the skills developed and the competence obtained . END
in spite of the shading of one type of course into another , i believe it is useful to talk about vocational courses as apart from academic courses . END
perhaps a course in UNK might be regarded as the exception which proves the rule . END
today many college bound students try to take a course in personal typing , as they feel a certain degree of mastery of this skill is almost essential for one who proposes to do academic work in college and a professional school . END
most of our largest cities have one or more separate vocational or technical high schools . END
in this respect , public education in the large cities differs from education in the smaller cities and consolidated school districts . END
the neighborhood high schools are not , strictly speaking , comprehensive schools , because some of the boys and girls may be attending a vocational or technical high school instead of the local school . END
indeed , one school superintendent in a large city objects to the use of the term comprehensive high school for the senior high schools in his city , because these schools do not offer strictly vocational programs . END
he prefers to designate such schools as `` general '' high schools . END
the suburban high school , it is worth noting , also is not a widely comprehensive high school because of the absence of vocational programs . END
the reason is that there is a lack of interest on the part of the community . END
therefore employment and education in all the schools in a metropolitan area are related in different ways from those which are characteristic of the comprehensive high school described in my first report . END
the separate vocational or technical high schools in the large cities must be UNK as permanent institutions . END
by and large their programs are satisfactorily connected both to the employment situation and to the realities of the apprentice system . END
it is not often realized to what degree certain trades are in many communities closed areas of employment , except for a lucky few . END
one has to talk confidentially with some of the directors of vocational high schools to realize that a boy cannot just say , `` i want to be a plumber '' , and then , by doing good work , find a job . END
it is far more difficult in many communities to obtain admission to an apprentice program which involves union approval than to get into the most selective medical school in the nation . END
two stories will illustrate what i have in mind . END
one vocational instructor in a city vocational school , speaking of his course in a certain field , said he had no difficulty placing all students in jobs outside of the city . END
in the city , he said , the waiting list for those who want to join the union is so long that unless a boy has an inside track he can't get in . END
in a far distant part of the united states , i was talking to an instructor about a boy who in the twelfth grade was doing special work . END
`` what does he have in mind to do when he graduates '' ? ? END
`` oh , he'll be a plumber '' , came the answer . END
`` but isn't it almost impossible to get into the union '' ? ? END
`` he'll have no difficulty '' , i was told . END
`` he has very good connections '' . END
in my view , there should be a school which offers significant vocational programs for boys within easy reach of every family in a city . END
ideally these schools should be so located that one or more should be in the area where demand for practical courses is at the highest . END
an excellent example of a successful location of a new vocational high school is the dunbar vocational high school in chicago . END
located in a bad slum area now undergoing redevelopment , this school and its program are especially tailored to the vocational aims of its students . END
hardly a window has been broken since dunbar first was opened ( and UNK in schools is a major problem in many slum areas ) . END
i discovered in the course of a visit there that almost all the pupils were negroes . END
they were learning trades as diverse as shoe UNK , UNK , carpentry , cabinet making , auto mechanics , and airplane mechanics . END
the physical facilities at dunbar are impressive , but more impressive is the attitude of the pupils . END
the soybean seed is the most important UNK food in the world . END
in the united states , where half of the world crop is grown , soybeans are processed for their edible oil . END
the residue from soybean processing goes mainly into animal feeds . END
soybeans are extensively processed into a remarkable number of food products in the orient . END
american chemists , seeking to increase exports of soybeans , have adapted modern techniques and UNK methods to improve their use in such traditional japanese foods as UNK and UNK and in UNK of indonesia . END
soybean flour , UNK , flakes , `` milk '' , and UNK can be bought in the united states . END
peanuts are the world's second most important UNK . END
they are used mainly for their oil . END
we produce peanut oil , but to a much greater extent we eat the entire seed . END
UNK peanuts , as prepared for making peanut butter or for eating as nuts , are roasted seeds whose UNK have been rubbed off . END
cereal grains , supplemented with soybeans or dry edible peas or beans , comprise about two-thirds or UNK of the diet in parts of asia and africa . END
in western europe and north america , where the level of economic development is higher , grains and other seed products furnish less than one-third of the food consumed . END
rather , meat and potatoes , sugar , and dairy products are the main sources of UNK , protein , oils , and fats . END
people depend less on seeds for foods in australia , new UNK , and UNK , where extensive UNK lands support sheep or cattle , and the consumption of meat is high . END
feeds for livestock took about UNK of the world's cereal crop in UNK . END
most of the grain is fed to UNK and dairy cows and lesser amounts to beef cattle and poultry . END
about 90 percent of the corn used in the united states is fed to animals . END
the rest is used for human food and industrial products . END
more than half of the UNK and barley seeds we produce and most of the UNK of the milling of cereals and the crushing of oilseeds are fed to livestock . END
more than 200 million tons of seeds and seed products are fed to livestock annually in the united states . END
the efficiency with which animals convert grains and UNK to meat has risen steadily in the united states since the 1930's and has paralleled the increased feeding of the cake and meal that are a UNK when seeds are processed for oil . END
the demand for food is so great in the world that little UNK land can be given over to growing the UNK crops . END
seeds grown for industrial uses hold a relatively minor position . END
chief among the seed crops grown primarily for industrial uses are the UNK seeds -- UNK , UNK , UNK ( nuts from the china UNK tree ) , UNK ( from an oriental mint ) , and UNK ( from a brazilian tree ) . END
oils , or liquid fats , from the seeds of UNK and UNK have long been the principal constituents of paints and UNK for UNK and UNK the surfaces of wood and metal . END
these oils develop hard , smooth films when they dry and form UNK substances . END
the artist who paints in oil uses drying oils to carry the UNK and to protect his finished work for the ages . END
one of the finest of artists' oils comes from UNK seeds . END
seeds of soybean , cotton , corn , sesame , and rape yield UNK oils . END
some are used in paints along with drying oils . END
palm oil protects the surfaces of steel sheets before they are UNK with tin . END
UNK oil , made from UNK , has gone out of style as a medicine . END
this UNK oil , however , is now more in demand than ever before as a fine UNK , as a constituent of fluids for UNK operated equipment , and as a source of chemicals to make plastics . END
UNK oil , another UNK oil , was once used extensively in UNK to extract flower UNK . END
it is still used in drugs and cosmetics , but it is rather scarce and sometimes is UNK with oils from UNK and UNK seeds . END
liquid fats from all these oilseeds enter into the manufacture of UNK for industry and the household and of UNK for such industrial uses as making UNK . END
sizable amounts of soybean , coconut , and palm UNK oil -- seed oils that are produced primarily for food purposes -- also are used to make UNK , detergents , and paint UNK . END
solid fats from the seeds of the UNK tree , the shea tree , and the coconut palm are used to make candles in tropical countries . END
seeds are a main source of starch for industrial and food use in many parts of the world . END
corn and wheat supply most of the starch in the united states , canada , and australia . END
in other countries where cereal grains are not among the principal crops of a region , UNK UNK or roots are processed for starch . END
starch is used in the paper , textile , and UNK industries and in a UNK of other manufacturing operations . END
gums were extracted from UNK , UNK ( UNK ) , UNK , and locust ( UNK ) seeds in ancient times . END
today the yearly import into the united states of locust bean gum is more than 15 million pounds ; ; END
of UNK seed , more than 2.6 million . END
the discovery during the second world war that UNK gum was similar to imported locust gum increased its cultivation in western asia and initiated it in the united states . END
UNK gums are used in foods and drugs and in the manufacture of pulp and paper as UNK , UNK , or UNK agents . END
UNK gum UNK salad UNK and UNK ice cream . END
UNK seed gum is the main ingredient in UNK UNK . END
once regarded as an agricultural nuisance , UNK was sold in the 1930's as a mechanical UNK under UNK different brands . END
locust gum is added to pulp UNK to break up the UNK of fibers in making paper . END
the seeds of hard , fibrous , stony fruits , called nuts , provide highly concentrated foods , oils , and other materials of value . END
most nuts consist of the richly packaged storage UNK and its thick , UNK , brown covering -- the UNK . END
the UNK of brazil nuts , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , hickory nuts , UNK , walnuts , and pine nuts are predominantly oily . END
UNK and UNK nuts are not so high in oil but are rich in protein . END
all nut UNK are rich in protein . END
the world production of familiar seed nuts -- UNK , brazil nuts , UNK , and the english walnuts -- totals about 300 thousand tons annually . END
UNK , the fruit of the coconut palm , have the largest of all known seeds and are grown in south pacific islands as a crop for domestic and export markets . END
the oil palm of west africa yields edible oil from both the flesh and the seed or UNK of its fruit . END
world production of UNK , the UNK flesh of the coconut , was a little more than 3 million tons in 1959 . END
exports from producing countries in terms of equivalent oil were a little more than 1 million tons , about half of which was palm UNK or oil from them and about half was palm oil . END
other nuts consumed in lesser quantity include the UNK nutmeg ; ; END
the soap nut , which owes its UNK power to natural UNK ; ; END
the marking nut , used for ink and UNK ; ; END
the UNK UNK nut of south america ; ; END
and the UNK UNK nut , which is suited for UNK . END
a forest crop that has not been extensively cultivated is ivory nuts from the UNK palm . END
the so-called vegetable ivory is the hard UNK of the UNK seed . END
it is used for making buttons and other small , hard objects of UNK . END
seeds of the UNK palm are used in bermuda to make heads and faces of dolls sold to tourists . END
the color and shape of seeds have long made them attractive for UNK and decorations . END
since biblical times , UNK have been made from UNK -- the seeds of an UNK grass . END
UNK tree seeds are the UNK of south pacific islanders and the eyes of buddha dolls in cuba . END
victorian ladies had a UNK of UNK unusual seeds to wear as UNK . END
UNK christmas UNK and trees often contain a variety of seeds collected during the year . END
tradition has assigned UNK values to seeds because of their UNK , UNK oils , and highly UNK components . END
although science has given us more effective materials , preparations from UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK UNK , mustard , UNK , and UNK are familiar to many for the relief of human ailments . END
UNK UNK and mustard UNK still are used by some persons . END
peanut and sesame oils often are used as carriers or UNK for medicines administered by injection . END
still another group of seeds ( sometimes tiny , dry , UNK fruits ) provide distinctive UNK and odors to foods , although the nutrients they supply are quite negligible . END
the common UNK , UNK , and UNK make up this group . END
each year millions of pounds of UNK , UNK , mustard , celery , and UNK and the oils extracted from them are imported . END
UNK dry fruits used for UNK include several of the UNK family , such as UNK , dill , UNK , and UNK . END
less common seeds used in cooking and beverages include UNK ( artificial maple flavor ) and UNK . END
white pepper is the ground seed of the common black pepper fruit . END
sesame seed , which comes from the tall UNK of a plant grown in egypt , brazil , and central america , has a UNK flavor and can be used in almost any dish calling for UNK . END
it is a main UNK for UNK , the candy of the middle east . END
sesame sticks , a snack dip , originated in the southwest . END
beverages are made from seeds the world over . END
coffee is made from the roasted and ground seeds of the coffee tree . END
world production of coffee broke all previous records in 1959 and 1960 at more than 5 million tons . END
per capita consumption remains around 16 pounds in the united states . END
UNK , chocolate , and UNK butter come from the ground seeds of the UNK tree . END
world production of about 1 million tons is divided primarily between africa ( 63 percent ) and south america ( 27 percent ) . END
several soft drinks contain extracts from UNK nuts , the seed of the UNK tree cultivated in the west indies and south america . END
cereal grains have been used for centuries to prepare fermented beverages . END
the japanese sake is wine fermented from rice grain . END
UNK is distilled from fermented rice in india . END
beer , generally fermented from barley , is an old UNK beverage . END
beer was UNK by the UNK and UNK more than 6 thousand years ago . END
UNK today use corn , rice , and UNK barley . END
UNK use corn , UNK , wheat , grain UNK , and rye in making beverage alcohol . END
seed crops hold a prominent place in the agricultural economy of the united states . END
the farm value of seeds produced in this country for all purposes , including the cereals , is nearly 10 billion dollars a year . END
cereal grains , oilseeds , and dry beans and peas account for about 57 percent of the farm value of all crops raised . END
the economic importance of seed crops actually is even greater , because additional returns are obtained from most of the corn , oats , barley , and UNK -- as well as the cake and meal from the processing of UNK , UNK , and soybeans -- through conversion to poultry , meat , and dairy products . END
seeds furnish about 40 percent of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock . END
hay and pasture are the other chief sources of livestock feed . END
seeds are the essential raw materials for milling grain , baking , crushing UNK , UNK edible oil , UNK , UNK , and mixing feed . END
more than 11 thousand business establishments in the united states were based on cereals and oilseeds in 1954 . END
the value of products from these industries was UNK billion dollars , of which about one-third was created by manufacturing processes . END
not included was the value of seed oil in paints and UNK or the value of the coffee and chocolate industries that are based on imported seed or seed products . END
cereal grains furnish about one-fourth of the total food calories in the american diet and about one-third of the total nutrients consumed by all livestock and poultry . END
to hold a herd of cattle on a new range till they felt at home was called `` UNK '' 'em . END
to keep 'em scattered somewhat and yet herd 'em was called `` loose UNK '' . END
to hold 'em in a compact mass was `` close UNK '' . END
cattle were inclined to remain in a territory with which they were acquainted . END
that became their `` home range '' . END
yet there were always some that moved farther and farther out , UNK grass and water . END
these became `` strays '' , the term UNK restricted to cattle , however , as hosses , under like circumstances , were spoken of as `` stray hosses '' , not merely `` strays '' . END
cattle would drift day and night in a blizzard till it was over . END
you couldn't stop 'em ; ; END
you had to go with 'em or wait till the storm was over , and follow . END
such UNK in wholesale numbers was called a `` drift '' , or `` winter drift '' , and if the storm was prolonged it usually resulted in one of the tragedies of the range . END
the cowboy made a technical distinction in reference to the number of them animals . END
the single animal or a small bunch were referred to as `` strays '' ; ; END
but when a large number were `` bunched up '' or `` UNK up '' , and marched away from their home range , as long as they stayed together the group was said to be a `` drift '' . END
drifts usually occurred in winter in an effort to escape the severe cold winds , but it could also occur in summer as the result of lack of water or grass because of a drought , or as an aftermath of a stampede . END
drifts usually happened only with cattle , for hosses had UNK sense to avoid 'em , and to find shelter for UNK . END
the wholesale death of cattle as a result of UNK , and sometimes UNK , over a wide range of territory was called a `` UNK '' . END
UNK such an event there was usually a harvest of `` fallen hides '' , and the ranchers needed UNK knives instead of UNK irons . END
cattle were said to be `` UNK '' when `` blizzard choked '' , that is , caught in a corner or a draw , or against a `` drift fence '' UNK a storm . END
cattle which died from them winter storms were referred to as the `` winter kill '' . END
when cattle in winter stopped and UNK their backs up they were said to `` bow up '' . END
this term was also used by the cowboy in the sense of a human UNK fight , as one cowhand was heard to say , `` he arches his back like a mule in a UNK '' . END
cattle drove to the northern ranges and held for two UNK to mature 'em into prime beef were said to be `` double UNK '' . END
cattle brought into a range from a distance were called `` immigrants '' . END
them new to the country were referred to as `` pilgrims '' . END
this word was first applied to the imported UNK cattle , but later was more commonly used as reference to a human UNK . END
UNK cattle were often called `` white faces '' , or `` UNK cattle '' , and the old-time UNK gave the name of `` UNK stock '' to them newly introduced cattle . END
because UNK cattle weren't a beef breed , they were rarely seen on a ranch , though one might be found now and then for the milk supply . END
the cowboy called this breed of cattle `` UNK '' . END
a `` UNK '' was a UNK offspring of buffalo and cattle . END
`` dry stock '' denoted , regardless of age or sex , such UNK as were givin' no milk . END
a `` wet herd '' was a herd of cattle made up entirely of cows , while `` wet stuff '' referred to cows givin' milk . END
the UNK humorous name for a cow givin' milk was a `` milk pitcher '' . END
cows givin' no milk were UNK as `` UNK '' . END
the terminology of the range , in UNK of `` dry stock '' and `` wet stock '' , was UNK to the UNK . END
the most common reference to `` wet stock '' was with the UNK that such animals had been UNK across the rio UNK after UNK stolen from their rightful owners . END
the term soon became used and applied to all stolen animals . END
`` mixed herd '' meant a herd of mixed sexes , while a `` straight steer herd '' was one composed entirely of UNK , and when the UNK spoke of `` mixed cattle '' , he meant cattle of various grades , ages , and sexes . END
in the spring when penned cattle were turned out to grass , this was spoken of as `` UNK time '' , or `` put to grass '' . END
`` UNK 'em out '' was UNK cattle out of a corral onto the range . END
when a cow came out of a corral in a UNK run she was said to `` come out UNK '' . END
to stir cattle up and get 'em heated and excited was to `` mustard the cattle '' , and the act was called `` UNK 'em 'round '' , or `` UNK 'em '' . END
after a UNK the UNK of stray cattle of outside brands toward their home range was called `` throwin' over '' . END
a cow rose from the ground rear end first . END
by the time her UNK were in a UNK position , her knees were on the ground in a UNK attitude . END
it was when she was in this position that the name `` UNK cow '' was suggested to the cowboy . END
they were said to be `` on their heads '' when UNK . END
`` on the UNK '' was a reference to live cattle and was also used in UNK to cattle UNK by trail under their own power as against goin' by rail . END
UNK cattle by train was called a `` stock run '' . END
a general classification given UNK cattle was `` UNK '' . END
when a cowboy spoke of `` UNK '' a cow , he meant that he UNK dust into her eyes . END
the cow , unlike a bull or steer , kept her eyes open and her mind on her business when UNK , and a cow `` on the UNK '' or `` on the peck '' was feared by the cowhand more than any of his other charges . END
the UNK name for beef was `` UNK '' , and many of the old UNK adopted it from their association with the UNK on the trails . END
the first cattle the UNK saw under the white man's control were the ox teams of the early UNK . END
UNK with wonder at the strange words of the UNK as they shouted `` UNK '' , `` UNK '' , and `` gee '' , they thought them words the names of the animals , and began UNK cattle `` UNK '' . END
rarely did a trail herd pass through the UNK country on its march north that it wasn't stopped to receive demand for `` UNK '' . END
`` UNK '' was the throwin' of an animal by the tail in lieu of a rope . END
any animal could when UNK fast , be sent heels over head by the simple process of UNK the brute , UNK its tail , and givin' the latter a pull to one side . END
this UNK the animal off balance , and over UNK crash onto its head and shoulders . END
though the slightest yank was frequently capable of UNK results , many men assured success through a turn of the tail UNK the saddle horn , supplemented sometimes , in the case of cattle , by a downward UNK of the UNK leg upon the UNK tail . END
such tactics were resorted to frequently with the UNK longhorns , and a thorough `` UNK '' usually knocked the breath out of a steer , and so dazed 'im that he'd behave for the rest of the day . END
it required both a quick and swift hoss and a UNK rider . END
when cattle became more valuable , ranch owners frowned upon this practice and it was discontinued , at least when the boss was 'round . END
when the cowboy used the word `` UNK '' , he meant UNK . END
`` bull UNK '' was a game once UNK with the mexican cowboys of texas . END
from a pen of wild UNK one would be released , and with much UNK a UNK take after 'im . END
UNK the bull by the tail , he rushed his hoss forward and a little to one side , throwin' the bull off balance , and `` UNK '' 'im with terrific force . END
UNK one horn of a downed steer into the ground to hold 'im down was called `` UNK '' . END
colors of cattle came in for their special names . END
an animal covered with UNK or spots of different colors was called a `` UNK '' or `` UNK '' . END
a `` UNK '' was an animal with a stripe of different color from the rest of its body UNK down its back , while a `` UNK stripe '' was the white , UNK , or brown stripe UNK down the back , from neck to tail , a characteristic of many spanish cattle . END
a `` UNK '' was a cow or steer of the longhorn type , with lines and dots of a color UNK the rest of its body 'round the eyes , face , and nose . END
such an animal was said to be `` UNK '' . END
`` UNK '' was a spanish word used to describe cattle of red and white UNK and UNK UNK . END
the northern cowboy called all the red mexican cattle which went up the trail `` UNK reds '' , while they called all cattle drove up from mexico `` UNK '' , because they came from the UNK UNK country , or gave 'em the name of `` mexican UNK '' . END
near the southern border , cattle of the early longhorn breed whose UNK was black with a UNK , with white UNK frequently UNK on the sides and belly , were called `` UNK '' . END
this word was from the spanish , UNK `` UNK '' . END
`` UNK UNK '' were cattle of mexican breed UNK on UNK and belly with UNK color . END
an animal with distinct UNK , or other marks easily distinguished and remembered by the owner and his riders , was sometimes used as a `` marker '' . END
such an animal has frequently been the downfall of the rustler . END
countin' each UNK bunch of cattle where it was found on the range and UNK it back so that it didn't mix with the UNK cattle was called a `` range count '' . END
the countin' of cattle in a pasture without throwin' 'em together for the purpose was called a `` pasture count '' . END
the counters rode through the pasture countin' each bunch of UNK cattle , and drifted it back so that it didn't get mixed with the UNK cattle ahead . END
this method of countin' was usually done at the request , and in the presence , of a representative of the bank that held the papers against the herd . END
them notes and mortgages were spoken of as `` cattle paper '' . END
a `` book count '' was the UNK of cattle by the books , commonly resorted to in the early days , sometimes much to the profit of the seller . END
this led to the famous sayin' in the northwest of the `` books won't freeze '' . END
this became a common UNK UNK the boom days when eastern and foreign capital were so eager to buy cattle interests . END
the origin of this sayin' was credited to a UNK by the name of UNK UNK . END
his saloon was a UNK place for influential wyoming UNK , and one year UNK a severe blizzard , when his UNK customers were UNK long faces , he said , `` cheer up , boys , whatever happens , the books won't freeze '' . END
in this carefree sentence he summed up the essence of the UNK custom of UNK by book count , and created a sayin' which has survived through the years . END
`` range delivery '' meant that the UNK , after UNK the UNK ranch records and UNK his UNK for UNK , paid for what the seller claimed to own , then rode out and tried to find it . END
when a cowhand said that a man had `` good cow sense '' , he meant to pay 'im a high UNK . END
no matter by what name cattle were called , there was no UNK that they not only saved texas from financial ruin , but went far toward UNK from a wilderness vast territories of the northwest . END
21 UNK a wide loop END
the first use of the word `` rustler '' was as a UNK for `` hustler '' , UNK an established term for any person who was active , UNK , and UNK in any enterprise . END
again it was used as the title for the hoss wrangler , and when the order was given to go out and `` rustle the hosses '' , it meant for 'im to go out and herd 'em in . END
eventually UNK the hosses was spoken of as `` hoss UNK '' , and the wrangler was called the `` hoss rustler '' . END
later , the word became almost exclusively applied to a cow thief , UNK from the days of the UNK when UNK were paid by their employers to `` get out and rustle a few UNK '' . END
it was john who found the lion tracks . END
he found them near the carcass of a UNK that had been killed the night before , and he circled once , nose to the ground , hair shooting up along his back , as it did when he was after lion or bear , and then he lifted his head and UNK , and the pack joined in , all heads high , and jones knew it was a hot trail . END
he UNK the UNK yell and let john lead him straight toward the nearby black UNK mountain . END
this mountain was known as the black reef and it rose almost UNK for about two hundred feet , UNK with caves , top covered with dense scrub and UNK and tall grass . END
on the south it ended sharply as though the UNK had been cut off there suddenly . END
kearton and ulyate had started the day together while jones followed the dogs , and means and loveless had taken another route , and now , with the discovery of the fresh trail still unknown to him , ulyate UNK in , in the shadow of the reef and pointed . END
kearton UNK his field glasses . END
`` that's the colonel '' , he said , `` but i can't see the dogs '' . END
as they watched , jones rode straight for the reef . END
then they picked up the smaller black UNK on the plain in front of him . END
the dogs were working a trail -- lion ? ? END
the pack had made a bend to the north , swinging back toward the reef , and kearton and ulyate could hear them faintly . END
kearton got off and tore up some dry grass that grew in cracks between the rocks and piled it in a heap and wanted to make the smoke signal that would bring loveless and means and the rest of the party . END
`` not yet '' , cautioned ulyate . END
jones came toward them fast , now , along the southern toe of the reef , and the dogs could be heard plainly , old john with his grand canyon voice outstanding above the others . END
there was sounder , too , also a veteran of the north rim , and UNK and the rake from a pack of english UNK , and a UNK from a london pound , and UNK , a terrier . END
a UNK pack , chosen for effectiveness , not beauty . END
jones was UNK close behind them leaning down , UNK them on . END
`` light it '' ! ! END
ulyate said , and kearton touched a match to the pile of grass , blew on it and flame licked out . END
he threw green stuff on it , and a thin blue column of smoke rose . END
`` that will fetch the gang and tell the colonel where we are '' . END
two quick shots sounded . END
then there was a chorus of wild UNK and UNK . END
then the heavy roar of a lion . END
kearton and ulyate looked at each other and began to gallop toward the sound . END
it came from the top of the reef not half a mile away . END
at the base of the rocky hillside , they left their horses and climbed on foot . END
the route was choked with rugged UNK , UNK and bushes , so thickly overgrown that when kearton lost sight of ulyate and called , ulyate answered from ten feet away . END
nice country to meet a lion in face to face . END
ulyate and kearton climbed on toward the sound of the UNK of the dogs and the sporadic roaring of the lion , till they came , out of breath , to the crest , and peering through the branches of a bush , this is what ulyate saw : jones who had apparently ( and actually had ) ridden up the nearly UNK hillside , sitting calmly on his horse within forty feet of a UNK young UNK , who was crouched on a flat rock and seemed just about to charge him , while the dogs whirled around her . END
ulyate drew back with a start , and put finger to lips , almost afraid to move or whisper lest it set her off , `` the dogs have got her UNK . END
she's just the other side of that bush '' ! ! END
and when they had drawn back a step he added : `` jones is sitting on his horse right in front of her . END
why she doesn't charge him , i don't know . END
and he hasn't even got a knife on him . END
he couldn't get away from her in this kind of ground . END
careful , don't disturb her '' . END
jones had been about a hundred and fifty feet from her when he first broke through to the top of the reef . END
she was standing on a flat rock three feet above ground and when she saw him she rose to full height and roared , opening her mouth wide , UNK her tail , and stamping at the rock with both UNK in irritation , as much as to say : `` how dare you disturb me in my sacred precinct '' ? ? END
intuition told him , however , that she was tired and UNK from the run up the reef and would not charge , yet . END
he moved forward to within thirty-five feet of her , being careful , because he knew the female is less predictable than the male . END
( in the graveyard at UNK he had been shown the graves of thirty-four big game hunters killed hunting the animals he was attempting to UNK . END
of the thirty-four , seventeen had been killed by lions , and eleven out of the seventeen by UNK . END
) she snarled terribly but intuition told him , again , that she was UNK , and he could see that half her attention was distracted by the dogs . END
he threw the UNK . END
it was falling over her head when a branch of a bush caught it and it fell in front of her on the rock . END
even then , if she took one step forward he could catch her . END
but john UNK her rear end -- one UNK rear end was as good as another to john , africa , arizona no matter -- and she changed ends and took a UNK at john , but he ducked back . END
jones then UNK his rope and threw again , this time hitting her on the back but failing to UNK her . END
she whirled and faced him , roaring terribly , and ulyate , watching through the leaves , could not understand why she did not charge and UNK him , because he wouldn't have much of a chance of getting away , in that thick growth , but she seemed just a trace uncertain ; ; END
while jones , on the other hand , appeared perfectly confident and ulyate decided perhaps that was the answer . END
from the UNK point of view , this strange creature on the back of another creature , UNK out with its long thin UNK , very likely appeared as something she could not at first cope with . END
but now she sank lower to the rock . END
her roar changed to a growl . END
her tail no longer UNK . END
although she appeared more subdued and defeated , jones knew she was growing more dangerous . END
she was rested and could mount a charge . END
just the tip of her tail was moving as she crouched , and she was UNK lightly up and down with her UNK feet . END
at this moment , loveless and means arrived , crashing through the UNK with their horses , and distracted her , and she ran off a short distance and jumped into a UNK between two rocks . END
the dogs followed her and she killed three and badly wounded old john . END
`` we've got to get her out of there '' ! ! END
jones yelled , `` or she'll kill 'em all . END
bring me the UNK '' . END
for such an emergency he had included UNK cannon crackers as part of their equipment . END
lighting one he pitched it into the UNK , and the UNK left off UNK the dogs and departed . END
`` ain't she a beauty , though '' ? ? END
called out means as she ran . END
`` don't you go a step nearer her than i do '' , jones warned , `` and if you do , go at a run so you'll have momentum '' ! ! END
for two hours they drove her from one strong point to another along the side of the reef , trying to maneuver her onto the plain where they could get a good throw . END
but she clung to the rocks and brush , and the day wore away . END
the dogs were tired . END
the men were tired too . END
it was the story of the UNK fight all over again . END
and the sun was beginning to go down . END
if dark came they would lose her . END
`` i'll get a pole '' , jones said finally , `` and i'll UNK a UNK over her head '' ! ! END
at this moment she was crouched in a UNK aperture halfway down the reef . END
ulyate made no comment but his face showed what he thought of poking ropes over UNK heads with poles , and of course these were the lions of fifty years ago , not the UNK ones of today , and this one was angry , with good reason . END
loveless , too , objected . END
`` it won't work , colonel '' . END
`` just the same we'll try it '' . END
but without waiting for them to try it , she scattered the dogs and shot down the reef and out across the plain . END
john led the chase after her and the other dogs strung out behind , many of them trailing blood . END
john himself was bruised and UNK from head to tail , but he was in this fight to the finish , running almost as strongly now as in the morning . END
she took refuge on a tongue of land extending into a gully , crouched at the base of a UNK tree , and waited for them to come up . END
she had chosen the spot well . END
with the gully on three sides , she could be approached only along the tongue of land . END
`` careful , now '' , jones warned . END
means tried her first . END
very slowly he UNK his UNK bay gelding , edging closer , watching for a chance to throw , but ready to spin and run , rope whining about his head , horse edging tensely under him , but the gelding was UNK and responded and was not UNK by the close proximity of the lion . END
they tell you horses go crazy at the sight or smell of a bear or a lion , but these didn't . END
means spit and edged on . END
again she snarled , and again he edged . END
the pony was sidewise to her . END
with a whirling jump , it could get into gear . END
however nothing on four legs was supposed to be faster than a lion over a short distance , unless it was a UNK . END
means spun and spurred . END
for thirty yards she gained rapidly . END
she was closing and within one more bound would have been able to reach the rear end of the bay , but -- and here jones and loveless and ulyate were holding breath for all they were worth -- she never quite caught up that last bound . END
means held steady one jump ahead of her . END
then gradually he began to pull away . END
a western UNK had outrun an african lion , from a standing start . END
photos showed later that she'd been about six feet from means . END
of course the factor of head start made all the difference . END
how much head start ? ? END
no one knew exactly . END
that was the whole question . END
enough , was the answer . END
the UNK quickly changed front , when she saw she couldn't catch means , and made for jones . END
as she had done with means , she gained rapidly at first , but then UNK began to draw away . END
somewhere in the few scant yards of head start was the determining point . END
when jones too drew away , she returned to a UNK bush in the neck of land running into the gully , crouched low and waited as before . END
this new position , however , gave the UNK a better chance . END
there was room to make a quick dash past the bush and throw as you went . END
so : means edged around on the north side of her , jones moved in from the south . END
tossing his rope and shouting he attracted her attention . END
he succeeded almost too well , because once she rose as if to charge , and he half wheeled his horse -- he was within fifty feet -- but she sank back . END
from behind her means shot forward at a run . END
kearton began shouting , `` wait , wait -- the UNK jammed '' ! ! END
but means kept on . END
he raced by within twenty feet of her , UNK her around the neck , but a UNK neck is short and thick and with a quick twist she slipped the UNK off . END
the missionary obligation to proclaim the gospel to all the world was once left to zealous individuals and voluntary societies . END
but the time came when a church that had no part in the missionary movement was looked upon as UNK in its essential life . END
the christian education of children , too , was once hardly more than a UNK , but the day came when a congregation that did not assume full UNK of a church school was thought of as failing in its duty . END
the most serious weakness of the ecumenical movement today is that it is generally regarded as the responsibility of a few national leaders in each denomination and a few UNK executives . END
most pastors and laymen , even though they believe it to be important , assume that the ecumenical movement lies outside the province of their UNK . END
they may even dismiss it from their minds as something that concerns only the `` ecclesiastical rover boys '' , as someone has dubbed them , who like to go to national and international assemblies , and have expense accounts that permit them to do so . END
as long as this point of view prevails , the ecumenical movement will be UNK and halt . END
the next stage ahead is that of making it thoroughly at home in the local community . END
progress will take place far less through what is done in any `` summit conference '' of the national council or the world council , or even in offices of the denominational boards , than through what happens in the communities where christian people live together as neighbors . END
the front line of advance is where witnessing and UNK congregations of different traditions exist side by side . END
until they see the ecumenical movement in terms of the difference it makes in their own attitudes , programs , and relationships , it will have an inevitable aspect of UNK . END
as things now stand , there is a UNK UNK between the unity in christ which we profess in ecumenical meetings and the UNK UNK of most congregations on any main street in the nation . END
the UNK of ecumenical advance is an even more UNK matter than the relation between congregations in the same community . END
the decisive question is what happens within each congregation and , finally , in the minds and hearts of the individual members . END
it is here that the local and ecumenical must meet . END
it is here that the ecumenical must become local and the local become ecumenical . END
it has become almost UNK to say that the ecumenical movement must be `` carried down to the grass roots '' . END
this way of describing the matter is unfortunate . END
it implies two UNK . END
one is that whatever is ecumenical has to do with some over-all organization at `` the top '' and needs only to be understood at the so-called `` lower levels '' . END
the truth , however , is that the ecumenical church is just the local church in its own true character as an integral unit of the whole people of god throughout the world . END
the other misconception is that our ecumenical problems will be solved if only the knowledge of the church in its world-wide extension and its UNK connections , now UNK by many national leaders , can be UNK to all congregations . END
however needed this may be , the fundamental problem is not information but active commitment to the total mission of the church of christ in the world . END
the basic unit in the church , of whatever denominational UNK , is always the congregation . END
it is hardly possible to emphasize this too much . END
most people do not realize that the congregation , as a gathered fellowship meeting regularly face to face , personally sharing in a common experience and expressing that experience in daily relationships with one another , is unique . END
the idea that it is a feature of all religions is entirely mistaken . END
the jewish UNK affords a parallel to the christian congregation , but UNK , buddhism , UNK , UNK , taoism , UNK , although they have sacred scriptures , priests , spiritual disciplines , and places of prayer , do not have a congregation as a local household of faith and love . END
their characteristic experience is that of the individual at an altar or a shrine rather than that of a continuing social group with a distinctive kind of fellowship . END
how far the fellowship in most local churches falls below what the new testament means by UNK ! ! END
what is now called christian fellowship is often little more than the social UNK of having a gracious time with the kind of people one likes . END
the UNK of acts and of the UNK means sharing in a common relation to christ . END
it is an experience of a new depth of community derived from an awareness of the corporate UNK of christ in his people . END
as dietrich UNK puts it , `` our community with one another consists solely in what christ has done to both of us '' . END
this may mean having fellowship in the church with people with whom , on the level of merely human UNK , we might prefer not to have any association at all . END
there is a vast difference between the community of UNK which the new testament describes and the community of UNK found in the average church building . END
whenever a congregation really sees itself as a unit in the universal church , in vital relation with the whole body of christ and participating in his mission to the world , a necessary UNK of the ecumenical movement has been laid . END
the UNK of the ecumenical and the local then no longer exists . END
the local and the ecumenical are one . END
of course , the perspective of those who are dealing directly with the world-wide problems of the people of god will always be different from the perspective of those who are dealing with the nearby problems of particular persons in a particular place . END
each viewpoint is valid if it is UNK related to the other . END
neither is adequate if it stands alone . END
our difficulty arises when either viewpoint UNK out the other . END
and this is what all too often happens . END
a little UNK illustrative of this truth is afforded by an incident related by professor UNK UNK at the end of the second world war . END
with great difficulty he made his way from his native hungary to geneva to renew his contacts as a member of the provisional committee for the world council of churches . END
when he had the mishap of breaking his UNK , his ecumenical colleagues insisted on providing him with new ones . END
he often spoke of them as his `` ecumenical '' glasses and used them as a symbol of the kind of vision that is required in the church . END
it is , he said , a UNK vision , which can see both the UNK and the distant and keep a christian in right relation to both . END
as things stand now , the local and the ecumenical tend to compete with each other . END
on the one hand , there are UNK who are so stirred by the crises of the church in its encounter with the world at large that they have no eyes for what the church is doing in their own town . END
they do not escape the UNK into which charles dickens pictured mrs. UNK as falling . END
her concern for the natives of UNK was so intense that she quite forgot and neglected her son UNK ! ! END
likewise , the UNK may become so absorbed in the conflict of the church with the totalitarian state in east germany , the precarious situation of the church in revolutionary china , and the anguish of the church over UNK in south africa that he loses close contact with the parish church in its UNK but indispensable ministry of worship , pastoral service and counseling , and christian nurture for a UNK group of individuals . END
on the other hand , many a pastor is so absorbed in UNK to the intimate , personal needs of individuals in his congregation that he does little or nothing to lead them into a sense of social responsibility and world mission . END
as a result , they go on thinking of the church , with UNK and UNK satisfaction , only in connection with the way in which it serves them and their families . END
it would hardly be an exaggeration to say that ninety per cent of the energy of most churches -- whether in terms of finance or spiritual concern -- is poured into the private and domestic interests of the members . END
the parish lives for itself rather than for the community or the world . END
the gap between the ecumenical perspective and the parish perspective appears most UNK in a church in any of our comfortable suburbs . END
it is eminently successful according to all conventional standards . END
it is growing in numbers . END
its people are agreeable friends . END
it has a beautiful UNK . END
its preaching and its music give UNK of spirit to men and women living under heavy strain . END
it provides pastoral care for the sick and troubled . END
it helps children grow up with at least a nodding acquaintance with the bible . END
it draws young people into the circle of those who continue the life of the church from generation to generation . END
and it is easy for the ecumenical UNK to lose sight of how basic all this is . END
but what is this church doing to help its members understand their roles as christians in the world ? ? END
all too often its conception of parish ministry and pastoral care includes no responsibility for them in their relation to issues of the most desperate urgency for the life of mankind . END
it is not stirring them to confront the racial tensions of today with the mind of christ . END
it is not helping them face the moral crisis involved in the use of nuclear energy . END
it is not making them sensitive to the UNK level of much of our economic and industrial life . END
it is raising no disturbing question as to what christian UNK means for the relationship of the richest nation in the world to economically underdeveloped peoples . END
it is not developing an awareness of the new kind of missionary strategy that is called for as young churches emerge in asia and africa . END
to put it bluntly , many a local church is giving its members only what they consciously want . END
it is not disturbing them by thoughts of their christian responsibility in relation to the world . END
we shall not make a decisive advance in the ecumenical movement until such a church begins to see itself not merely as a haven of comfort and peace but as a base of christian witness and mission to the world . END
there is a humorous but revealing story about a rancher who owned a large slice of texas and who wanted to have on it everything that was necessary for a completely pleasant community . END
he built a school and a library , then a recreation center and an inn . END
desiring to fill the only remaining lack , he selected the best site on the ranch for a chapel and spared no expense in UNK it . END
a visitor to the beautiful little building inquired , `` do you belong to this church , mr. rancher '' ? ? END
`` why , no , ma'am '' , he replied , `` this church belongs to me '' ! ! END
the story reflects the way too many people feel . END
as long as the congregation regards the church as `` our '' church , or the minister thinks of it as `` my '' church , just so long the ecumenical movement will make no significant advance . END
there must first be a deeper sense that the church belongs not to us but to christ , and that it is his purpose , not our own interests and preferences , that determines what it is to be and do . END
local embodiment of the whole END
a local church which UNK its function to be entirely that of UNK to the conscious desires and concerns of its members tends to look on everything ecumenical as an extra , not as a normal aspect of its own life as a church . END
it would doubtless be greatly surprised to be told that in failing to be ecumenical it is really failing to be the church of christ . END
yet the truth , according to the new testament , is that every local church has its existence only by being the embodiment of the whole church in that particular place . END
yet a crowd came out to see some fresh kids from the city try to match the boys from the neighboring farms ; ; END
and UNK and wagons and UNK UNK kept gathering all morning , until the edges of the field were packed thick and small boys kept UNK out on the playing field to make fun of the visitors -- whose pitcher was a formidable looking young man with the only baseball cap . END
this was a bitterly fought game , carrying almost as much grudge as a fist fight , with no friendliness exhibited between the teams except the formal politeness that accompanied the setting forth of ground rules and agreements on balls that went into the crowd . END
every pitch in the game brought forth a howl from the UNK audience and every fly ball the visitors dropped ( and because their right UNK was still a little fuzzy from drink , they dropped many ) called forth UNK of derision . END
at one point in the game when the skinny old man in UNK who was acting as UNK got in the way of a thrown ball and took it painfully in the kidneys , he lay there UNK while players and spectators UNK over whether the ball was `` dead '' or the base runners were free to score . END
this was typical of such games , which were earnestly played to win and practically never wound up in an expression of good fellowship . END
when the visitors , after losing this game , rode along the village streets toward home , the youngsters who could keep abreast of them for a moment or two screamed triumphantly , `` you bunch of UNK ! ! END
UNK back home ! ! END
you UNK '' ! ! END
baseball was surely the national game in those days , even though professional baseball may have been merely a business . END
radio broadcasts had not begun and most UNK of baseball attended the games near home , in the town park or a pasture , with perhaps two or three trips to the city each season to see the UNK or the pirates or the indians or the red sox . END
young men in school could look forward to playing ball for money in a dozen different places , even if they failed to make the major leagues . END
nearly any lad with a UNK of skill might find a UNK awaiting him in the three i league , or the pony league , or the coastal plains league , or the fast eastern league , if not indeed in one of the hundreds of city leagues that UNK everywhere . END
even a city of thirty thousand might have six baseball teams , sponsored by UNK and hardware merchants or department stores , that played two or three times a week throughout the summer , usually in the cool of the evening , before an earnest and partisan audience who did not UNK a quarter each , or even more , to be dropped into a hat when the game was half over . END
babe ruth , of course , was everyone's hero , and everyone knew him , even though relatively few ever saw him play ball . END
his face was always in the newspapers , sometimes in cartoons that seemed nearly as large as life . END
as the twenties grew older , and as radio broadcasts of baseball games began to involve more and more people daily in the doings of the professionals , the great hitters ( always led by babe ruth ) UNK the game so that pitchers were nearly of no account . END
boys no longer bothered learning to UNK and even school kids UNK to `` choke up '' on a bat as willie UNK and the famous hitters of another day had done . END
other hitters bloomed with more or less vigor in the news and a few even dared to dream of matching ruth , who was still called UNK by all his friends , or leo or UNK by those who dared to taunt him ( leo was the name of the ball player he liked the least ) and who called most of the world `` kid '' . END
lou gehrig was given the nickname UNK , and he ran ruth a close race in home runs . END
but the nickname never stuck and gehrig was no match for ruth in `` color '' -- which is sometimes a polite word for delinquent behavior on and off the field . END
ruth was a delinquent boy still , but he was in every way a great ball player who was out to win the game and occasionally risked a cracked bone to do it . END
a few professional baseball players cultivated UNK , with the encouragement of the press , so that they might see their names in big black print , along with daddy UNK , al UNK , earl UNK , and the prince of UNK . END
one who , for a time , succeeded best and was still the UNK of all was charles arthur UNK , who called himself , in the newspapers , art the great , or the great UNK . END
it was his UNK that he could beat everybody at anything , but especially at fighting , and he once took on the manager of his club and worked him over thoroughly with his fists . END
he was given to public UNK and to acting the UNK on the diamond ; ; END
and a policeman asserted he had found a pair of brass knuckles in UNK pocket once when he had occasion to collar the great first baseman for some forgotten reason . END
( this made a UNK named UNK wonder in print if art had worn this UNK when he defeated his manager . END
) the sorry fact about this young man , who was barely of age when he broke into major-league baseball , was that he really was a better ball player than he was given credit for being -- never so good as he claimed , and always an UNK to his associates , but a good steady performer when he could fight down the temptation to UNK on his skills or cut up in public . END
in his minor way charles arthur UNK was perhaps more typical of his era than ruth was , for he was but one of many young men who laid waste their talents in these scott fitzgerald days for the sake of earning space in the newspapers . END
there were others who climbed UNK and refused to come down ; ; END
or who ingested strange objects , like live fish ; ; END
or who undertook to set records for remaining erect on a dance floor , with or without a partner ; ; END
or who UNK to down full bottles of UNK gin without pausing for breath . END
one young man , UNK to the point of UNK by liquor and the excitement of the moment , performed a perfect UNK dive out of the stands at the yale bowl during the UNK football game , landed squarely on his head on the concrete ramp below , and died at once . END
but the twenties were not all UNK and a striving after recognition . END
the business of baseball began to UNK along with other UNK , and performers -- thanks partly to george herman ruth's spectacular efforts each season to run his salary higher and higher -- UNK too . END
while fifty years before , albert UNK UNK , secretary of the chicago ball club of the national league , could write earnestly to the manager of the buffalo club and request a guarantee of one hundred dollars for a baseball game in august , in this golden era a game at the yankee stadium might bring in nearly a hundred thousand dollars at the gate . END
and while less than ten years earlier the UNK black sox -- all of them top performers in their positions -- had UNK for UNK charles UNK at salaries ranging from twenty-five hundred dollars to forty-five hundred dollars a year , stars now were asking ten thousand dollars , twenty thousand dollars , yes , even fifty thousand dollars a season . END
the greatest team of this period was unquestionably the new york yankees , bought by UNK millions and made into a ball club by men named ed UNK and miller UNK . END
boston fans sometimes liked to UNK some wry satisfaction out of the fact that most of the great UNK crew were graduates of the red sox -- sold to UNK UNK and UNK by a man who could not deny them their most UNK desire . END
ruth himself , still UNK his farm in massachusetts and an interest in the massachusetts cigar business that printed his round boyish face on the UNK , had led the parade down from UNK park , followed by pitchers carl mays , UNK `` joe '' bush , UNK hoyt , herb UNK , and sam jones , catcher wally UNK , third baseman joe UNK ( who completed the `` UNK trio '' of ruth , UNK , and hoyt ) , and shortstop UNK scott . END
by 1926 , when the mighty yanks were at their UNK , only a few of these were left but they still shone brightest , even beside able and UNK rookies like tony UNK ( who managed never to have one of his UNK fits on the field ) , mark UNK , lou gehrig , george UNK , and UNK earl UNK . END
the deeds of this team , through two seasons and in the two world's series that followed , have been written and talked about until hardly a word is left to be said . END
but there is one small episode that a few new york fans who happened to sit in the cheap seats for one world's series game in 1926 like best to recall . END
babe ruth , as he always did in the stadium , played right field to avoid having the sun in his eyes , and tommy UNK , a rather mediocre UNK who played shortstop for the st. louis cardinals , knocked a ball with all his might into the sharp angle formed by the permanent stands and the wooden bleachers , where ruth could not reach it . END
the ball lay there , shining white on the grass in view of nearly every fan in the park while ruth , UNK with frustration , charged about the small patch of ground screaming , `` where's the -- UNK ball '' ? ? END
but , as he snarled unhappily when the inning was over , `` not a sonofabitch in the place would tell me '' , so little tommy ran all the way home . END
the ordinary man and woman , however , saw little of the great professional games of those golden days , or of any other sporting event for that matter . END
promoters always hastened to place their choice tickets in the hands of the wealthy UNK , and only the man who knew the man who knew the fellow who had an in with the guy at the box office ever came up with a good seat for a contest of any importance . END
radio broadcasts , however -- now that even plain people could afford `` loud speakers '' on their sets -- held old fans to the major-league races and attracted new ones , chiefly women , who through what the philosopher called the UNK UNK of UNK , became first UNK , then attracted , then UNK to the long afternoon UNK of the doings in some distant baseball park . END
in some cities games were broadcast throughout the week and then on weekends the UNK was silenced , and fans must needs drive to the city from all the broadcast area to discover how their heroes were UNK . END
this had a pleasant effect upon the sunday gate receipts as well as upon the intake of the rail and bus companies , some of which began to offer special UNK rates , including seats at the park , just as the trolley and ferry companies had when baseball was new . END
while women had always attended ball games in small numbers ( it was the part of a `` dead game sport '' in the early years of the twentieth century to be taken out to the ball park and to root , root , root for the home team ) , they had often sat in patient UNK , unable even to read the scoreboard , which sometimes seemed to indicate that one team led another by a score of three hundred and eighty to one hundred and UNK . END
the questions women asked at baseball games were standard UNK for amateur comedy , as were the doings of women automobile drivers ; ; END
for every grown man ( except a few who were always suspected of being shy on UNK ) knew at least the fundamentals of baseball , just as every male american in this era liked to imagine ( or pretend ) that he could fight with his fists . END
and women were not expected to know that the pitcher was trying not to let the UNK hit the ball . END
radio , however , so increased the interest of women in the game that it was hardly necessary even to have `` ladies' days '' any longer to enable men to get to the ball park without interference at home . END
women actually began to appear UNK in the stands , where they still occasionally ran the risk of coming home with a UNK stain on a clean skirt or a new curse word tingling their ears . END
the radio broadcasts themselves were often so patiently UNK , despite the baseball jargon , that girls and women could begin to store up in their minds the same sort of random and meaningless statistics that small boys had long learned better than they ever did their lessons in school . END
this conclusion is dependent on the assumption that traditional sex mores will continue to sanction both UNK UNK as the `` ideal '' , and the double standard holding females primarily responsible for preserving the ideal . END
our discussion of this involves using UNK UNK UNK of `` identity vs. identity diffusion '' as a conceptual tool in UNK a few common UNK onto the diverse personality and family UNK of the unwed mothers from whose case histories we quoted earlier . END
our discussion does not utilize all the identity crises postulated by erikson , but is intended to demonstrate the utility of his theoretical UNK for studying unwed mothers . END
we hope thereby to emphasize that , from a psychological standpoint , the UNK prevention of illegitimacy is a continuous long-term process involving the socialization of the female from infancy through adolescence . END
UNK a series of developmental stages that begin in the individual's infancy and end in his old age , erikson has indicated that the adolescent is faced with a series of identity crises . END
the successful and positive resolution of these crises during adolescence involves an UNK principle -- during adolescence , the individual's positive resolutions in each area of identity crisis depend , to a considerable degree , on his already having resolved preliminary and preparatory identity crises during his infancy , childhood , and early adolescence . END
within UNK UNK , the UNK delinquent behavior -- in this case , her unwed UNK -- reflects her `` identity diffusion '' , or her inability to resolve these various identity crises positively . END
the adolescent experiences identity crises in terms of time perspective vs. time diffusion . END
time perspective -- the ability to plan for the future and to postpone UNK immediate wants in order to achieve long-range objectives -- is more easily developed if , from infancy on , the individual has been able to rely on and trust people and the world in which she lives . END
erikson has noted that , unless this trust developed early , the time ambivalence experienced , in varying degree and temporarily , by all adolescents ( as a result of their remembering the more immediate gratification of wants during childhood , while not yet having fully accepted the long-range planning required by UNK ) may develop into a more permanent sense of time diffusion . END
experience of this time diffusion ranges from a sense of utter UNK to a feeling of desperate urgency to act immediately . END
these polar extremes in time diffusion were indicated in some of the comments by unwed mothers reported in earlier chapters . END
some of these mothers , apparently feeling a desperate urgency , made , on the spur of the moment , commitments , in love and sex , that would have UNK consequences . END
others displayed utter UNK and indifference to any decision about the past or the future . END
for many of these unwed mothers , the data on their family life and early childhood experiences revealed several indications and sources of their basic mistrust of their parents in particular and of the world in general . END
however , as UNK has noted , the individual's failure to develop preliminary identities during infancy and childhood need not be UNK deterministic with respect to a given area of identity diffusion in his ( or her ) adolescence . END
and , as shown in chapter 6 , , some UNK females originally developed such trust only during their adolescence , through the aid of , and their identification with , UNK . END
in the specific case of time diffusion , we must emphasize the significance of the earlier development of mistrust when it is combined with the inevitable time crisis experienced by most ( if not all ) adolescents in our society , and with the failure of the adolescent period to provide opportunities for developing trust . END
the adolescent experiences two closely related crises : self-certainty vs. an identity consciousness ; ; END
and UNK vs. negative identity . END
a sense of self-certainty and the freedom to experiment with different roles , or confidence in one's own unique behavior as an alternative to UNK conformity , is more easily developed during adolescence if , during early childhood , the individual was permitted to exercise initiative and encouraged to develop some autonomy . END
however , if the child has been constantly surrounded , during nursery and early school age , by peer groups ; ; END
UNK with the primacy of group acceptance and group standards ; ; END
and allowed little initiative in early play and work patterns -- then in adolescence her normal degree of vanity , sensitivity , and preoccupation with whether others find her appearance and behavior acceptable , will be compounded . END
her UNK indifference to and rebellion against suggestions and criticisms by anyone except peer friends during adolescence are the manifestations , in her adolescence , of her having been UNK in childhood to feel shame , if not guilt , for failing to behave in a manner acceptable to , and judged by , the performance of her UNK and elementary-school peer friends . END
to be different is to invite shame and doubt ; ; END
and it is better to be UNK and criticized by one's parents , who already consider one different and difficult to understand , than by one's peers , who are also experiencing a similar groping for and denial of adult status . END
the attitudes of some unwed mothers quoted in chapter 2 , , revealed both considerable preoccupation with being accepted by others and a marked absence of self-certainty . END
many appeared to regard their sexual behavior as a justifiable means of gaining acceptance from and identification with others ; ; END
but very few seemed aware that such acceptance and identification need to be supplemented with more enduring and stable identification of and with one's self . END
another identity crisis confronting the adolescent involves anticipation of achievement vs. UNK . END
the UNK capacity to anticipate achievement and to exercise the self-discipline necessary to complete tasks successfully depends on the degree to which he or she developed autonomy , initiative , and self-discipline during childhood . END
the developmental process involves the individual's progressively experiencing a sense of dignity and achievement resulting from having completed tasks , having kept commitments , and having created something ( however small or simple -- even a doll dress of one's own design rather than in the design `` it ought to be '' ) . END
these childhood experiences are sources of the self-certainty that the adolescent needs , for experimenting with many roles , and for the freedom to fail sometimes in the process of exploring and discovering her skills and abilities . END
if she has not had such experiences , the UNK normal adolescent degree of indecision will be compounded . END
she may well be UNK by it when she is confronted with present and future alternatives -- e.g. , whether to prepare primarily for a career or for the role of a UNK ; ; END
whether to stay financially dependent on her parents or help support herself while attending school ; ; END
whether to pursue a college education or a job after high school ; ; END
and whether to attend this or that college and to follow this or that course of study . END
erikson has noted that , as this indecision mounts , it may result in a `` paralysis of workmanship '' . END
this paralysis may be expressed in the UNK starting -- and never completing -- many jobs , tasks , and courses of study ; ; END
and in the fact that she bases her decisions about work , college , UNK , and studies on what others are doing , rather than on her own sense of identity with given skills , abilities , likes , and dislikes . END
the absence , during her childhood and early adolescence , of experiences in developing the self-discipline to complete tasks within her ability -- experiences that would have been subsequent sources of anticipation of achievement -- and her lack of childhood opportunities to practice autonomy and initiative in play and expression , both tend in her adolescence to UNK her of the UNK to UNK and to fail occasionally in experimenting . END
the comments made by some unwed mothers ( quoted in chapter 2 ) ) reflect this paralysis of workmanship . END
they attended school and selected courses primarily on the basis of decisions others made ; ; END
they accepted a job primarily because it was available , convenient , and paid reasonably . END
these things both express and , at the same time , continue contributing to , their identity diffusion in an area that could have become a source of developing dignity and self-certainty . END
as their identity diffusion increased , they became more susceptible to sporadic diversions in love and sexual affairs . END
these affairs temporarily relieved the monotony of school or work activities containing no anticipation of achievement and joy of craftsmanship , no sense of dignity derived from a job well done . END
childhood experiences in learning work and self-discipline habits within a context of developing autonomy and initiative have considerable significance for the prevention of illegitimacy . END
the excerpts from case histories presented above confirm this significance , though through different facets of experience . END
for example , some unwed mothers had had no work experiences , household chores , and responsibilities during childhood and early adolescence ; ; END
they subsequently occupied their leisure hours in searching for something exciting and UNK . END
on the other hand , some unwed mothers had had so much work and responsibility imposed on them at an early age , and had thus had so little freedom or opportunity to develop autonomy and initiative , that their work and responsibilities became dull and UNK burdens -- to be escaped and rebelled against through fun and experimentation with forbidden sexual behavior . END
the adolescent also faces the identity crisis that erikson has termed ideological polarization vs. diffusion of ideals . END
in discussing the ways this crisis is UNK to UNK for the prevention of illegitimacy , we shall again superimpose UNK concept on our data . END
adolescents have a UNK tendency to UNK ideas and values , to perceive things as `` UNK '' , black or white -- UNK of meaning are relatively unimportant . END
this tendency is , perhaps , most clearly revealed in the literature on religious conversions and experiences of adolescents . END
erikson has postulated that such ideological polarization temporarily UNK their search for something stable and definite in the rapidly changing and UNK UNK between childhood and UNK . END
it provides identification -- with an idea , a value , a cause that cuts through , or even transcends , the multiple and ambivalent identities of their passage from child to adult , and permits their forceful and overt expression of emotion . END
the positive development , during adolescence , of this capacity to think and to feel strongly and with increasing independence , and to identify UNK either with or against given ideas , values , and practices , depends to a considerable degree on both previous and present opportunities for developing autonomy , initiative , and self-certainty . END
most adolescents have some ideological diffusion at various developmental stages , as they experience a proliferation of ideas and values . END
the diffusion is most pronounced and most likely to become fixed , however , in those who have had no or very minimal opportunities to develop the autonomy and initiative that could have been directed into constructive expression and so served as sources of developing self-certainty . END
a pronounced ideological diffusion -- i.e. , inability to identify independently with given ideas and value systems -- is reflected in many ways . END
for example , it is UNK by the adolescent ( or adult ) whose beliefs and actions represent primarily his rebellion and reaction against the ideas and behavior patterns of others , rather than his inner conviction and choice . END
it is UNK by the individual willie UNK , whose ideas and behavior patterns are so dependent and UNK that they always coincide with those of the individual or group present and most important at the moment . END
in another sense , it is represented in the arguments of the `` true believers '' who seek to UNK the validity of all other beliefs and ideas in order to retain confidence in theirs . END
the case histories provide some interesting illustrations of ideological diffusion , embodied in the unwed mother's inability to identify independently a given value system or behavior pattern , , and her subsequent UNK to assume any individual responsibility for her sexual behavior . END
for example , the unwed mothers expressed their frustration with males who did not indicate more explicitly `` what it is they really want from a girl so one can act accordingly '' . END
they were disappointed by the physical and emotional hurt of UNK sexual intercourse . END
they condemned the movie script writers for implying that sex was UNK and UNK . END
they criticized parents for never having emphasized traditional concepts of right and wrong ; ; END
and they UNK parents who `` never disciplined and were too permissive '' or who `` never explained how easy it was to get pregnant '' . END
in the adult world , there are a number of rather general and diffuse sources of ideological diffusion that further compound the UNK search for meaning during this particular identity crisis . END
for example , some contemporary writing tends to fuse the `` good guys '' and the `` bad guys '' , to portray the weak people as heroes and weakness as a virtue , and to explain ( or even justify ) UNK behavior by UNK it to deterministic psychological , familial , and social experiences . END
in the final accounting , these would have augmented the bill for both sides . END
an estimate of one million dollars is probably not excessive . END
yet the huge amount of money consumed by the selden litigation , which many regarded as wasteful , indirectly contributed to constructive changes in legal procedure . END
the duration and other circumstances of the selden case made it a UNK example of the gross abuses of patent infringement actions . END
the suit , as we have seen , came before the courts when patent attorneys , inventors , and laymen were making mounting demands for reforms in the american patent system . END
chief among the defects they singled out were the complicated and UNK procedures in equity . END
in a long and angry UNK to his opinion , judge hough had lent the weight of judicial condemnation to such criticism . END
`` it is a duty '' , said hough , `` not to let pass this opportunity of protesting against the methods of taking and printing testimony in equity , current in this circuit ( and probably others ) , UNK if not justified by the rules of the supreme court , especially to be found in patent causes , and UNK UNK in this litigation . END
as long as the bar prefers to UNK evidence by written UNK , rather than UNK UNK before an authoritative judicial officer , i fear that the antiquated rules will remain unchanged , and expensive UNK remain the best known characteristic of equity '' . END
observing that `` reforms sometimes begin with the contemplation of horrible examples '' , hough catalogued the many abuses encouraged by existing procedures . END
he cited the UNK dimensions of the selden case record ; ; END
the duplication of testimony and exhibits ; ; END
the numerous UNK over minor matters ; ; END
the `` objections stated at UNK length '' ; ; END
and the frequent and UNK verbal UNK , `` UNK for and UNK , from the retort UNK to the lie direct '' . END
the fundamental difficulty of which the selden case was `` a striking ( though not singular ) example '' , concluded hough , `` will remain as long as testimony is taken without any authoritative judicial officer present , and responsible for the maintenance of discipline , and the reception or exclusion of testimony '' . END
not least among the members of the patent bar who echoed this powerful indictment were those who had participated in the selden suit . END
william a. UNK asserted that if the case had been heard in open court under rules of evidence , the testimony would have been completed in sixty days instead of five years . END
inventors joined lawyers in the UNK for reform , inevitably centering upon the selden litigation as a `` horrible example '' . END
its UNK deliberations were UNK to those of the british courts of UNK UNK UNK by dickens in bleak house . END
parker , who agreed with much of this criticism , did not conceal his dissatisfaction with procedural defects . END
but he felt that the selden case was being UNK UNK . END
in a detailed letter published in the scientific american in 1912 , he remarked that `` loose statements '' about the case showed scant understanding of the facts . END
the suit , although commonly designated as a single action , actually embraced five cases . END
parker insisted that the size of the record would have been drastically reduced but for an unavoidable duplication of testimony . END
in a private communication written in UNK , parker had been more to the point . END
noting the complaints of inventors and members of the patent bar , he admitted that some of the UNK `` were fairly well founded '' , but he added that under existing rules the courts could not UNK testimony in a group of suits involving separate UNK of the same patent . END
the vast industrial interests caught up in the selden suit , as well as the complex character of the automotive art , encouraged both sides to exploit `` every possible chance '' for or against the patent , said parker . END
`` this very seldom happens in this class or in other cases , and of course all of these matters led to a volume and an expense of the record beyond what ordinarily would occur '' . END
parker listed the remedies he deemed essential for reducing the cost and mass of testimony . END
the most important of these found him in agreement with UNK plea for reform . END
parker called for abolition of the UNK or uncontrolled right of taking UNK before officers of the court who had no authority to limit testimony . END
the taking of UNK , he suggested , should be placed under a special court examiner UNK to compel responsive and relevant answers and to exclude UNK testimony . END
`` i am satisfied that in the selden case had this power existed and this course ( been ) pursued , it would have shortened the UNK of some of the experts nearly one-half and of some of the other witnesses thereto more than that '' . END
in the end UNK UNK protest , which parker called the `` now somewhat famous note on this ' selden ' case '' , did not go UNK . END
in 1912 the united states supreme court adopted a new set of rules of equity which became effective on february 1 , 1913 . END
the revised procedure was acclaimed as a UNK reform . END
under the new rules , testimony is taken UNK in open court in all cases except those of an extraordinary character . END
other UNK methods are designed to prevent UNK , limit UNK , and reduce the expense of infringement suits . END
one of the a.l.a.m. lawyers observed that if the selden case had been tried under this simplified procedure , the testimony which filled more than a score of volumes , `` at a minimum cost of $1 a page for publication alone , could have been contained in one volume '' . END
while patent suits are still among the most complex and expensive forms of litigation , these rules have saved UNK UNK sums of money . END
there is little doubt that they were UNK by the supreme court as a direct result of the selden patent suit . END
even before it was formally dissolved in 1912 , the a.l.a.m. was succeeded by the automobile board of trade , the direct UNK ancestor of the present-day automobile manufacturers association . END
the trade bodies which came in the wake of the a.l.a.m. were more representative , for they never adopted a policy of exclusion . END
nevertheless , it is from the selden organization that the industry inherited its institutional machinery for UNK the broader interests of the trade . END
one of the chief features of this community of interest is the automotive patents cross-licensing agreement , a milestone in the development of american industrial cooperation . END
its origin lies in the selden patent controversy and its aftermath . END
from the earliest days of the motor car industry , before the a.l.a.m. was established , patent infringement UNK as a serious and UNK problem . END
many patent contests were waged over automobile components and accessories , among them tires , UNK UNK , ball bearings , license UNK , and electric horns . END
the UNK and momentum of the young industry abetted a general disregard of patent claims . END
as early as 1900 a wall street combination acquired detail patents with the intention of UNK heavy tribute from automobile manufacturers . END
this scheme failed , and the following decade brought a deluge of infringement suits among individual manufacturers that reached its crest in 1912 . END
in this tangle of conflicting claims , the UNK scheme adopted by the a.l.a.m. at its founding proved to be the best device for avoiding or UNK the burdens of incessant litigation . END
the interchange of shop licenses for a nominal royalty eliminated infringement suits among the members of the a.l.a.m. patent pool ( although it did not protect them against outside actions ) and kept open channels for the UNK of automotive technology . END
one of the conditions of the pool was a prohibition upon the withholding of patent rights among a.l.a.m. members . END
within its limits , this arrangement had the actual or potential characteristics of a cross-licensing agreement . END
its positive features outweighed the fact that the pool was an adjunct of a UNK monopoly . END
since the a.l.a.m. holdings embraced only about twenty-five per cent of motor vehicle patents , the denial of rights to independent companies did not UNK technical progress in UNK sectors of the industry . END
the highly important UNK patents on the sliding gear transmission were held by the a.l.a.m. pool . END
but henry ford used the planetary transmission in his model t and earlier cars and , in 1905 , as a UNK measure , took out a license from the man who claimed to be its inventor . END
for those affiliated with it , the a.l.a.m. pool was a haven from the infringement actions involving detail patents that beset the industry with mounting intensity after 1900 . END
by 1910 the courts were crowded with cases , many of them brought by UNK who UNK in UNK inventions . END
it was commonplace for auto makers , UNK , and dealers to find warning notices and threats of infringement suits in their daily mail . END
`` purely from the business man's standpoint and without regard to the UNK view '' , commented a trade journal , `` the matter of patents in the automobile and UNK trade is developing some phases and results that challenge thought as to how far patents are to become weapons of warfare in business , instead of simple UNK protection devices for encouraging UNK creation '' . END
occasionally new enterprise was discouraged by the almost certain prospect of legal complications . END
one manufacturer who held an allegedly basic patent said : `` i would readily put over UNK into the manufacture of the device , but it is so easy to make that we would enter immediately into a prolonged UNK of patent litigation which would eat up all our profits '' . END
the prevailing view in the industry was summed up in 1912 by a group of auto makers who told a senate committee : `` the exceedingly unsatisfactory and UNK expensive conditions , including UNK surrounding legal disputes , particularly in patent litigation , are items of industrial burden which must be written large in figures of many millions of dollars of industrial waste '' . END
by that time it was commonly agreed that patent warfare was UNK constructive achievement and UNK the free exchange of technical information . END
at this point charles c. hanch , long an advocate of patent peace in the industry , became chairman of the patents committee of the national automobile chamber of commerce , successor to the automobile board of trade . END
hanch was treasurer of the UNK & UNK company , an indianapolis firm which had manufactured UNK machinery before producing the UNK car in UNK . END
he had UNK knowledge of the patent wars which had driven about ninety per cent of the milling equipment makers out of business in the UNK . END
anxious to avoid a similar UNK in the motor car industry , hanch went to detroit in 1909 to enlist the support of leading a.l.a.m. members for an UNK UNK plan . END
the breach created by the selden patent doomed his proposal , but hanch did not abandon his scheme . END
after the demise of the a.l.a.m. , the time was UNK for establishing such a pool . END
most manufacturers were now disposed to heed a proposal for the formal interchange of patents . END
`` it is a much easier course to agree to let one another alone so far as ordinary patents are concerned '' , said a trade authority , `` than to continue the costly effort of straightening the tangle in the courts or seeking to reform the patent system , which appears to be getting into deeper confusion every day '' . END
with the other members of the patents committee -- UNK c. UNK , howard e. coffin , UNK t. white , and w. h. UNK -- hanch drafted a cross-licensing agreement whose essential feature of UNK licensing was his own contribution . END
the plan was supported by frederick p. fish , counsel for the national automobile chamber of commerce . END
it will be recalled that in his UNK for the a.l.a.m. before judge hough , fish had condemned patent litigation as the curse of the american industrial community . END
he was well aware that some inventors and their allies used their patents solely for nuisance value . END
`` my personal view is that not one UNK invention in ten is worth making '' , he later told a congressional committee . END
the eloquent UNK of fish guaranteed the adoption of the plan by the members of the automotive trade association . END
drawn up in 1914 , the cross-licensing agreement became effective in 1915 . END
it remained in force for ten years and has been renewed at five-year intervals since 1925 . END
a little farther along the road you come to the church of santa UNK , called the `` pearl of the UNK '' . END
continue another hundred yards to the piazza of the knights of UNK . END
on the wall of this square there are delightful UNK of musical instruments . END
the massive gate of the UNK villa affords one of the most extraordinary views in rome . END
if you look through the UNK , you will see an artistically UNK garden with the white dome of st. peter's framed in a long avenue of cropped UNK trees . END
UNK your steps a few yards on the via di santa UNK and turn right on the via di s. UNK , a street lined with stately homes . END
UNK , cypress , and palms in the spacious gardens add much color and beauty to this attractive residential section . END
turn left a block or so before the street ends , and then turn right down the via di santa UNK to the UNK UNK . END
here you can pick up a taxi or public transport to return to the center of the city . END
to the piazza navona and pantheon END
these two walks take you through the heart of rome . END
you will walk some of the narrow , old streets , UNK in by massive UNK . END
you will visit a few churches that are exceptional yet often UNK , a magnificent square , the main shopping district , the spanish steps , and the lovely UNK gardens . END
by seeing such varied places , both interesting and beautiful , you will become aware of the many different civilizations rome has lived through , and in particular , get a feel of renaissance rome . END
you will realize why rome is indeed the eternal city . END
start on the via d. UNK di UNK at the foot of the UNK hill . END
the majestic circular UNK of stone of the theatre of UNK give you some idea of the huge UNK that the emperor augustus erected in 13 b.c. . END
twenty-two thousand spectators used to crowd it in roman days . END
andrea UNK , an italian architect of the sixteenth century , UNK his designs on its doric and ionic columns . END
wander past the three superb columns of apollo by the arches of the theatre . END
the remains of the UNK of UNK are now in front of you . END
climb the steps from the theatre to the via della UNK di UNK for an even better view of the columns of apollo . END
turn to the right along a narrow street to the tiny piazza UNK , then proceed along the via dei UNK to the piazza UNK . END
here is one of the UNK fountains in rome , the UNK UNK UNK or `` fountain of the UNK '' . END
it's typical of rome that in the midst of this rather poor area you should find such an artistic work in the center of a little square . END
stand here for a few moments and look at this gem of a fountain with its four youths , each holding a UNK and each with a foot resting on the head of a UNK . END
the figures have been executed so skillfully that one senses a great feeling of life and movement . END
opposite is the palazzo UNK , one of UNK oldest palaces , now the headquarters of the UNK association . END
go inside for a closer look at a renaissance palace . END
in the first courtyard there are some fine UNK and UNK , and in the second a series of delightful UNK roof gardens above an UNK wall . END
the palazzo UNK , still inhabited by the UNK family , UNK the palazzo UNK . END
keep straight ahead on the via UNK , cross the wide via UNK , and you will come to the piazza b. UNK , where you should look in at the church of san UNK UNK UNK to see the UNK on the ceiling . END
follow the colorful and busy via d. UNK for a hundred yards or so . END
now turn left at the via UNK UNK del monte to the piazza dei UNK . END
just a few yards to the right on the via UNK di UNK will bring you to the palazzo UNK , built in UNK and now occupied by the council of state . END
paintings by UNK , UNK , and UNK are on display ( open UNK to UNK ) . END
before you enter the palazzo , note UNK UNK facade . END
the great architect also designed the fine interior staircase and UNK which UNK the two courts . END
the large statue on the first floor is believed to be the statue of UNK at the base of which julius caesar was UNK to death ( if so , the statue once stood in the senate house ) . END
( this is shown in the afternoon and on sunday morning . END
by UNK the porter , you can see in the courtyard UNK unusual and fascinating trick in perspective . END
when you stand before the UNK UNK you have the impression that the statue at the end is at a considerable distance , yet it is actually only a few feet away . END
the sense of perspective has been created by designing the length of the columns so that those at the far end of the UNK are much shorter than those in front . END
the gardens of the palazzo , shaded by a huge UNK tree , are most attractive . END
the courtyard is magnificently decorated . END
from the palazzo UNK you continue another block along the via UNK di UNK and UNK de UNK to the imposing palazzo UNK , begun in UNK and considered by many to be the finest palace of all . END
michelangelo was the most distinguished of several noted architects who helped design it . END
today it is occupied by the french embassy . END
its lovely UNK ceiling UNK , as well as the huge guards room with a tremendously high and beautifully carved wooden ceiling , can be seen sundays ( UNK to UNK noon ) . END
ask to see the modern UNK of paris and rome designed by UNK . END
directly in front of the palace along the via d. UNK you will come to the UNK di UNK , the famous site of UNK during the turbulent days of renaissance rome . END
today , by contrast it is a lively and colorful fruit , vegetable , and flower market . END
continue on the via d. UNK to the corso UNK UNK , then turn right for a couple of hundred yards to the church of UNK andrea della UNK . END
as you approach the church on the via d. UNK you are passing within yards of the remains of the roman theatre of UNK , near which is believed to have been the place where julius caesar was UNK . END
the dome of the church is , outside of st. peter's , one of the largest in rome . END
opera lovers will be interested to learn that this church was the scene for the first act of UNK . END
at this point you cross the wide corso UNK UNK 2 , , walk along the corso del UNK a couple of hundred yards , then turn left on the via dei UNK to enter the splendid piazza navona , one of the truly glorious sights in rome . END
your first impression of this elongated square with its three elegant fountains , its two churches that almost face each other , and its UNK buildings , is a sense of UNK UNK -- particularly welcome after wandering around the narrow and dark streets that you have followed since starting this walk . END
the site of the UNK piazza is UNK ancient stadium , which was probably used for horse and UNK races . END
for centuries it was the location of historic UNK and UNK sports events . END
from the seventeenth to the nineteenth century it was a popular practice to flood the piazza in the summer , and the UNK would then ride around the UNK square in their carriages . END
UNK UNK `` fountain of the rivers '' , in the center of the piazza , is built around a roman obelisk from the circus of UNK which rests on UNK and rocks , with four huge figures , one at each corner , denoting four great rivers from different continents -- the UNK , the UNK , the UNK , and the plate . END
the eyes of the figure of the UNK are covered , perhaps either to symbolize the mystery of her source or to obscure from her sight the baroque facade of the church of UNK agnese in UNK , the work of UNK rival , UNK . END
in the piazza navona there are many delightful cafes where you can sit , have a drink or lunch , and watch the fountains in the square . END
the scene before you is indeed theatrical and often appears in movies about rome . END
perhaps a street musician will pass to add that extra touch . END
take the via di s. agnese in UNK , next to the church and opposite the center of the square , then turn right after about two hundred yards to reach the beautiful church of santa maria della pace . END
inside you will find the lovely UNK painted by raphael and a chapel designed by michelangelo . END
the church's UNK are among UNK UNK most beautiful UNK . END
now return to the piazza navona and leave it on the opposite side by the UNK UNK ; ; END
in a moment cross the corso del UNK . END
in front of you is the palazzo UNK , once belonging to the UNK and now the italian senate . END
walk by the side of the palazzo and after two blocks along the via UNK you will come to the piazza della UNK . END
you are now facing the pantheon , the largest and UNK building still standing from the days of ancient rome . END
this circular UNK , constructed by UNK in b.c. 27 , was rebuilt in its present shape by the emperor UNK . END
it was dedicated as a church in the seventh century . END
as you pause in the piazza by the egyptian obelisk brought from the temple of UNK , you will admire the UNK impressive corinthian columns . END
the UNK interior , still in its original form , is truly majestic and an architectural triumph . END
its rotunda forms a perfect circle whose diameter is equal to the height from the floor to the ceiling . END
the only means of interior light is the UNK aperture in the UNK dome . END
standing before the tomb of raphael , the great genius of the renaissance , when UNK of sunlight are penetrating this great roman temple , you are once again reminded of the varied civilizations so characteristic of rome . END
as you leave the pantheon , take the narrow street to the right , the via del UNK , a block to UNK UNK , one of the most splendid baroque churches in the city . END
( along the way there , about one hundred yards on your right , you pass a simple restaurant , la UNK , where you can have the best UNK in rome . END
) the curve of faded UNK houses in front of the church seems like a stage set . END
this is one of the most charming little squares in this part of rome . END
one block along the via de UNK ( in front of the church ) will bring you to the stock exchange in the old temple of UNK . END
a few yards farther , on the via dei UNK , is the piazza UNK . END
the great column from which the square takes its name was erected by the emperor marcus UNK . END
you are now at the corso , though narrow , one of UNK UNK streets . END
horse races took place here in the middle ages . END
if you have taken this stroll in the morning , and you have the time and inclination , walk to the right along the crowded corso for half a dozen blocks to visit the fine private collection of paintings -- mainly of the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries -- in the palazzo UNK ( open sunday , tuesday , and thursday , UNK to UNK ) . END
here is your opportunity to see the inside of a palazzo where the family still lives . END
otherwise , cross over the corso and walk a block or so to the left . END
you will come to UNK , a delightful , though moderately expensive restaurant , which is particularly noted for its exceptional selection of ice UNK and UNK . END
either here , or in one of the modest restaurants nearby , is just the place to end this first walk through the heart of rome . END
the second walk through the heart of rome should be taken after lunch , so that you will reach the UNK hill when the soft light of the late afternoon is at its best . END
rare , indeed , is the harlem citizen , from the most UNK church member to the most UNK adolescent , who does not have a long tale to tell of police incompetence , injustice , or brutality . END
i myself have witnessed and endured it more than once . END
the businessmen and UNK also have a story . END
and so do the UNK . END
( and this is not , perhaps , the place to discuss UNK very complex attitude toward black policemen , nor the reasons , according to harlem , that they are nearly all downtown . END
it is hard , on the other hand , to blame the policeman , blank , good-natured , UNK , and UNK innocent , for being such a perfect representative of the people he serves . END
he , too , believes in good intentions and is UNK and UNK when they are not taken for the deed . END
he has never , himself , done anything for which to be hated -- which of us has ? ? END
-- and yet he is facing , daily and UNK , people who would gladly see him dead , and he knows it . END
there is no way for him not to know it : there are few things under heaven more UNK than the silent , UNK contempt and hatred of a people . END
he moves through harlem , therefore , like an occupying soldier in a bitterly hostile country ; ; END
which is precisely what , and where , he is , and is the reason he walks in UNK and UNK . END
and he is not the only one who knows why he is always in company : the people who are watching him know why , too . END
any street meeting , sacred or secular , which he and his colleagues uneasily cover has as its explicit or implicit burden the cruelty and injustice of the white domination . END
and these days , of course , in terms increasingly vivid and UNK , it speaks of the end of that domination . END
the white policeman standing on a harlem street corner finds himself at the very center of the revolution now occurring in the world . END
he is not prepared for it -- naturally , nobody is -- and , what is possibly much more to the point , he is exposed , as few white people are , to the anguish of the black people around him . END
even if he is gifted with the UNK mustard grain of imagination , something must UNK in . END
he cannot avoid observing that some of the children , in spite of their color , remind him of children he has known and loved , perhaps even of his own children . END
he knows that he certainly does not want his children living this way . END
he can retreat from his uneasiness in only one direction : into a UNK which very shortly becomes second nature . END
he becomes more callous , the population becomes more hostile , the situation grows more tense , and the police force is increased . END
one day , to everyone's astonishment , someone drops a match in the powder UNK and everything blows up . END
before the dust has settled or the blood congealed , editorials , speeches , and UNK commissions are loud in the land , demanding to know what happened . END
what happened is that negroes want to be treated like men . END
negroes want to be treated like men : a perfectly straightforward statement , containing only seven words . END
people who have mastered UNK , UNK , shakespeare , marx , freud , and the bible find this statement utterly UNK . END
the idea seems to threaten profound , barely conscious assumptions . END
a kind of panic UNK their features , as though they found themselves trapped on the edge of a steep place . END
i once tried to describe to a very well-known american intellectual the conditions among negroes in the south . END
my recital disturbed him and made him indignant ; ; END
and he asked me in perfect innocence , `` why don't all the negroes in the south move north '' ? ? END
i tried to explain what has happened , UNK , whenever a significant body of negroes move north . END
they do not escape jim UNK : they merely encounter another , UNK variety . END
they do not move to chicago , they move to the south side ; ; END
they do not move to new york , they move to harlem . END
the pressure within the ghetto causes the ghetto walls to expand , and this expansion is always violent . END
white people hold the line as long as they can , and in as many ways as they can , from verbal intimidation to physical violence . END
but inevitably the border which has divided the ghetto from the rest of the world falls into the hands of the ghetto . END
the white people fall back bitterly before the black UNK ; ; END
the UNK make a UNK profit by raising the rent , chopping up the rooms , and all but UNK with the upkeep ; ; END
and what has once been a neighborhood turns into a `` UNK '' . END
this is precisely what happened when the puerto UNK arrived in their thousands -- and the bitterness thus caused is , as i write , being fought out all up and down those streets . END
northerners indulge in an extremely dangerous luxury . END
they seem to feel that because they fought on the right side during the civil war , and won , they have earned the right merely to UNK what is going on in the south , without taking any responsibility for it ; ; END
and that they can ignore what is happening in northern cities because what is happening in little rock or birmingham is worse . END
well , in the first place , it is not possible for anyone who has not endured both to know which is `` worse '' . END
i know negroes who prefer the south and white southerners , because `` at least there , you haven't got to play any guessing games '' ! ! END
the guessing games referred to have driven more than one negro into the narcotics ward , the UNK , or the river . END
i know another negro , a man very dear to me , who says , with conviction and with truth , `` the spirit of the south is the spirit of america '' . END
he was born in the north and did his military training in the south . END
he did not , as far as i can gather , find the south `` worse '' ; ; END
he found it , if anything , all too familiar . END
in the second place , though , even if birmingham is worse , no doubt UNK , south africa , beats it by several miles , and UNK was one of the worst things that ever happened in the entire history of the world . END
the world has never lacked for UNK examples ; ; END
but i do not believe that these examples are meant to be used as justification for our own crimes . END
this perpetual justification UNK the heart of all human feeling . END
the UNK our hearts become , the greater will be our crimes . END
UNK , the south is not merely an UNK backward region , but a part of this country , and what happens there concerns every one of us . END
as far as the color problem is concerned , there is but one great difference between the southern white and the northerner : the southerner remembers , historically and in his own psyche , a kind of eden in which he loved black people and they loved him . END
historically , the flaming sword laid across this eden is the civil war . END
personally , it is the UNK sexual coming of age , when , without any warning , unbreakable UNK are set up between himself and his past . END
everything , thereafter , is permitted him except the love he remembers and has never ceased to need . END
the resulting , indescribable torment affects every southern mind and is the basis of the southern hysteria . END
none of this is true for the northerner . END
negroes represent nothing to him personally , except , perhaps , the dangers of UNK . END
he never sees negroes . END
southerners see them all the time . END
northerners never think about them whereas southerners are never really thinking of anything else . END
negroes are , therefore , ignored in the north and are under surveillance in the south , and suffer UNK in both places . END
neither the southerner nor the northerner is able to look on the negro simply as a man . END
it seems to be indispensable to the national self-esteem that the negro be considered either as a kind of ward ( in which case we are told how many negroes , comparatively , bought UNK last year and how few , comparatively , were UNK ) , or as a victim ( in which case we are promised that he will never vote in our assemblies or go to school with our kids ) . END
they are two sides of the same coin and the south will not change -- cannot change -- until the north changes . END
the country will not change until it UNK itself and UNK what it really means by freedom . END
in the meantime , generations keep being born , bitterness is increased by incompetence , pride , and folly , and the world UNK around us . END
it is a terrible , an UNK , law that one cannot deny the humanity of another without diminishing one's own : in the face of one's victim , one sees oneself . END
walk through the streets of harlem and see what we , this nation , have become . END
east river , downtown : UNK to a letter from harlem END
the fact that american negroes UNK in the u.n. while adlai stevenson was addressing the assembly shocked and baffled most white americans . END
UNK speech , and the spectacular disturbance in the gallery , were both touched off by the death , in katanga , the day before , of patrice lumumba . END
stevenson stated , in the course of his address , that the united states was `` against '' colonialism . END
god knows what the african nations , who hold 25 per cent of the voting stock in the u.n. were thinking -- they may , for example , have been thinking of the u.s. abstention when the vote on algerian freedom was before the assembly -- but i think i have a fairly accurate notion of what the negroes in the gallery were thinking . END
i had intended to be there myself . END
it was my first reaction upon hearing of UNK death . END
i was curious about the impact of this political assassination on negroes in harlem , for lumumba had -- has -- captured the popular imagination there . END
i was curious to know if UNK death , which is surely among the most sinister of recent events , would UNK from `` our '' side anything more than the usual , UNK rhetoric . END
and i was curious about the african reaction . END
however , the chaos on my desk prevented my being in the u.n. gallery . END
had i been there , i , too , in the eyes of most americans , would have been merely a UNK in the hands of the communists . END
the climate and the events of the last decade , and the steady pressure of the `` cold '' war , have given americans yet another means of avoiding self-examination , and so it has been decided that the UNK were `` communist '' inspired . END
nor was it long , naturally , before prominent negroes rushed forward to assure the republic that the u.n. UNK do not represent the real feeling of the negro community . END
according , then , to what i take to be the prevailing view , these UNK were merely a handful of irresponsible , UNK UNK . END
i find this view amazing . END
it is a view which even a minimal effort at observation would immediately contradict . END
one has only , for example , to walk through harlem and ask oneself two questions . END
the first question is : would i like to live here ? ? END
and the second question is : why don't those who now live here move out ? ? END
the answer to both questions is immediately obvious . END
unless one takes refuge in the theory -- however disguised -- that negroes are , somehow , different from white people , i do not see how one can escape the conclusion that the negro's status in this country is not only a cruel injustice but a grave national liability . END
now , i do not doubt that , among the people at the u.n. that day , there were UNK and professional UNK acting out of the most cynical motives . END
wherever there is great social discontent , these people are , sooner or later , to be found . END
their presence is not as frightening as the discontent which creates their opportunity . END
what i find appalling -- and really dangerous -- is the american assumption that the negro is so contented with his lot here that only the cynical agents of a foreign power can UNK him to protest . END
it is a notion which contains a UNK insult , implying , as it does , that negroes can make no move unless they are UNK . END
color was delayed until 1935 , the wide screen until the early fifties . END
movement itself was the chief and often the only attraction of the primitive movies of the UNK . END
each film consisted of fifty feet , which gives a running time of about one minute on the screen . END
as long as audiences came to see the movement , there seemed little reason to adventure further . END
UNK UNK took place in stores in a general atmosphere like that of the penny UNK which can still be found in such urban areas as times square . END
brief UNK of actual events were shown : UNK , dances , street scenes . END
the sensational and frightening enjoyed popularity : a train UNK straight at the audience , or a great wave threatens to break over the seats . END
an early UNK production was the execution of mary , queen of scots . END
the unfortunate queen mounted the scaffold ; ; END
the UNK swung his axe ; ; END
the head dropped off ; ; END
an early film by a UNK of the UNK of UNK park simply showed a long kiss performed by two actors of the contemporary stage . END
in the field of entertainment there is no spur to financial daring so effective as audience boredom , and the first decade of the new device was not over before audiences began staying away in large numbers from the UNK , UNK shows . END
in response , the industry allowed the discovery of the motion picture as a form of fiction and thus gave the movies the essential form they have had to this day . END
despite the sheer beauty and spectacle of numerous UNK , art films , and UNK , despite the impressive financial success of such a recent development as UNK , the movies are at heart a form of fiction , like the play , the novel , or the short story . END
moreover , the most artistically successful of the nonfiction films have invariably borrowed the narrative form from the fiction feature . END
thus such great american UNK as the river and the plow that broke the plains were composed as visual stories rather than as illustrated lectures . END
the discovery that movies are a form of fiction was made in the early years of this century and it was made chiefly by two men , a french magician , UNK melies , and an american employee of UNK , edwin s. porter . END
of the two , porter is justly the better known , for he went far beyond the vital finding of fiction for films to take the first step toward UNK a language of film , toward making the motion picture the intricate , efficient time machine that it has remained since , even in the most UNK hands . END
narrative time and film time END
melies , however , out of his professional instincts as a magician , discovered and made use of a number of UNK techniques that remain part of the vocabulary of film . END
one of these is the `` dissolve '' , which makes possible a visually smooth transition from scene to scene . END
as the first scene begins to UNK , the succeeding scene begins to appear . END
for a moment or two , both scenes are present simultaneously , one growing weaker , one growing stronger . END
in a series of fairy tales and fantasies , melies demonstrated that the film is superbly equipped to tell a straightforward story , with beginning , middle and end , complications , resolutions , UNK , and conclusions . END
immediately , the film improved and it improved because in narrative it found a content based on time to complement its own unbreakable connection with time . END
physically , a movie is possible because a series of images is projected one at a time at such a speed that the eye `` remembers '' the one that has gone before even as it registers the one now appearing . END
linking the smoothly changing images together , the eye itself UNK them with the illusion of movement . END
the `` projection '' time of painting and sculpture is highly subjective , varying from person to person and even varying for a given person on different occasions . END
so is the time of the novel . END
the drama in the theater and the concert in the hall both have a fixed time , but the time is fixed by the director and the players , the conductor and the UNK , subject , therefore , to much variation , as record collectors well know . END
the time of the motion picture is fixed absolutely . END
the film consists of a series of still , transparent photographs , or `` frames '' , UNK . END
each frame comes between the light and the lens and is individually projected on the screen , at the rate , for silent movies , of 16 frames per second , and , for sound films , 24 frames per second . END
this is the rate of projection ; ; END
it is also the rate of UNK . END
time is built into the motion picture , which cannot exist without time . END
now time is also the concern of the fictional narrative , which is , at its simplest , the story of an action with , usually , a beginning , a middle , and an end -- elements which demand time as the first condition for their existence . END
the `` moving '' picture of the train or the wave coming at the audience is , to be sure , more intense than a still picture of the same subject , but the difference is really one of degree ; ; END
the UNK element of time is merely used to increase the realism of an object which would still be reasonably realistic in a still photo . END
in narrative , time is essential , as it is in film . END
almost everything about the movies that is peculiarly of the movies derives from a tension created and maintained between narrative time and film time . END
this discovery of melies was vastly more important than his sometimes dazzling , UNK tricks produced on film . END
it was porter , however , who produced the very first movie whose name has lived on through the half century of film history that has since ensued . END
the movie was the great train robbery and its effects on the young industry and art were all but UNK . END
overnight , for one thing , UNK film multiplied the standard running time of movies by ten . END
the great train robbery is a UNK film . END
one UNK -- from eight to twelve minutes -- became the standard length from the year of robbery , UNK , until griffith shattered that limit forever with birth of a nation in 1915 . END
the UNK itself became and still is the standard of measure for the movies . END
the material of the porter film is simplicity itself ; ; END
much of it has continued to be used over the years and the heart of it -- good guys and bad guys in the old west -- pretty well dominated television toward the end of the 1950's . END
a band of robbers enters a railroad station , UNK and ties up the telegraph operator , holds up the train and escapes . END
a posse is formed and UNK the robbers , who , having made their escape , are UNK it up with some wild , wild women in a UNK UNK . END
the robbers run from the UNK , take cover in a wooded UNK , and are shot dead by the posse . END
as a finale is UNK a close-up of one of the band taking aim and firing his revolver straight at the audience . END
all this is simple enough , but in telling the story porter did two important things that had not been done before . END
each scene is shot straight through , as had been the universal custom , from a camera fixed in a single position , but in the outdoor scenes , especially in the capture and destruction of the UNK , UNK camera position breaks , necessarily , with the camera position standard until then , which had been , roughly , that of a spectator in a center orchestra seat at a play . END
the plane of the action in the scene is not parallel with the plane of the film in the camera or on the screen . END
if the change , at first sight , seems minor , we may recall that it took the italian painters about two hundred years to make an analogous change , and the italian painters , by universal consent , were the most brilliant group of UNK any art has seen . END
in that apparently simple shift porter opened the way to the sensitive use of the camera as an instrument of art as well as a mechanical recording device . END
he did more than that . END
he revealed the potential value of the `` cut '' as the basic technique in the art of the film . END
cutting , of course , takes place automatically in the creation of a film . END
the meaning of the word is quite physical , to begin with . END
the physical film is cut with a knife at the end of one complete sequence , and the cut edge is joined physically , by cement , to the cut edge of the beginning of the next sequence . END
if , as a home movie maker , you shoot the inevitable UNK of your child taking its first steps , you have merely recorded an historical event . END
if , in preparing that shot for the inevitable showing to your friends , you interrupt the sequence to paste in a few frames of the child's grandmother watching this event , you have begun to be an artist in film ; ; END
you are employing the basic technique of film ; ; END
this is what porter did . END
as the robbers leave the UNK train , the film suddenly cuts back to the station , where the UNK little daughter arrives with her father's dinner pail only to find him bound on the floor . END
she UNK around in alarm . END
the two events are taking place at the same time . END
time and space have both become UNK . END
we leap from event to event -- including the formation of the posse -- even though the events , in `` reality '' are taking place not in sequence but simultaneously , and not near each other but at a considerable distance . END
the `` chase '' as a standard film device probably dates from the great train robbery , and there is a reason for the continued popularity of the device . END
the chase in itself is a narrative ; ; END
it UNK both speed and urgency and it demands cutting -- both from pursued to UNK and from stage to stage of the journey of both . END
the simple , naked idea of one man UNK another is of its nature better fitted for the film than it is for any other form of fiction . END
the cowboy films , the cops and robbers films , and the UNK comedy films UNK in an insane chase are not only UNK to what critics may assume to be a vulgar taste for violence ; ; END
these films and these sequences are also seeking out -- instinctively or by design -- the peculiarly UNK elements of narrative . END
the creator of the art of the film : UNK griffith END
there still remained the need for one great film artist to explore the full potential of the new form and to make it an art . END
the man was UNK griffith . END
when he came to the movies -- more or less by accident -- they were still cheap entertainment capable of UNK the UNK for an idle few minutes . END
in about seven years griffith either invented or first realized the possibilities of virtually every resource at the disposal of the film maker . END
before he was forty griffith had created the art of the film . END
not that there had not been attempts , mostly european , to do exactly that . END
but in general the european efforts to make an art of the entertainment had ignored the slowly emerging language of the film itself . END
UNK condensed versions of famous novels and famous plays were presented . END
great actors and UNK -- the most notable being sarah UNK -- were hired to repeat their stage performances before the camera . END
in all of this extensive and expensive effort , the camera was UNK to the status of recording instrument for art work produced elsewhere by the actor or by the author . END
the UNK today , for all its high fidelity and UNK sound , is precisely what the early art UNK in the movies wished to make of the camera . END
not surprisingly , this approach did not work . END
the effort produced a valuable record of stage techniques in the early years of the century and some interesting records of great theater figures who would otherwise be only names . END
but no art at all was born of the art effort in the early movies . END
in general , religious interest seems to exist in all parts of the metropolis ; ; END
congregational membership , however , is another thing . END
a congregation UNK only if it can sustain a socially homogeneous membership ; ; END
that is , when it can preserve economic integration . END
religious faith can be considered a necessary condition of membership in a congregation , since the decision to join a UNK group requires some motive force , but faith is not a sufficient condition for joining ; ; END
the presence of other members of similar social and economic level is the sufficient condition . END
the breakdown of social homogeneity in inner city areas and the spread of inner city UNK account for the decline of central city churches . END
central cities reveal two adverse features for the major denominations : ( 1 ) central cities tend to be areas of residence for lower social classes ; ; END
( 2 ) central cities tend to be more heterogeneous in social composition . END
the central city areas , in other words , exhibit the two characteristics which violate the life principle of congregations of the major denominations : they have too few middle-class people ; ; END
they mix middle-class people with lower-class residents . END
central city areas have become progressively UNK locales for the major denominations since the exodus of middle-class people from most central cities . END
with few exceptions , the major denominations are rapidly losing their hold on the central city . END
the key to protestant development , therefore , is economic integration of the nucleus of the congregation . END
members of higher and lower social status often cluster around this nucleus , so that protestant figures on social class give the impression of spread over all social classes ; ; END
but this is deceptive , for the core of membership is concentrated in a single social and economic UNK . END
the congregation UNK when it is no longer possible to replenish that core from the neighborhood ; ; END
moreover , residential mobility is so high in metropolitan areas that churches have to recruit constantly in their core UNK in order to survive ; ; END
they can lose UNK and UNK members from the church without UNK , but they need adequate recruits for the core UNK in order to preserve economic integration . END
the congregation is first and foremost an economic peer group ; ; END
it is UNK a believing and UNK fellowship . END
if it were primarily a believing fellowship , it would recruit believers from all social and economic ranks , something which most congregations of the new protestantism ( with a few notable exceptions ) have not been able to do . END
they survive only when they can recruit social and economic peers . END
the vulnerability of protestant congregations to social differences has often been attributed to the `` UNK spirit '' of protestant religious life ; ; END
in fact , a contrast is often drawn in this regard with the `` impersonal '' roman catholic parish . END
we have seen that the UNK spirit is confined to economic peers ; ; END
consequently , the vulnerability to social difference should not be attributed to the stress on personal community in protestant congregations ; ; END
actually , there is little evidence of such personal community in protestant congregations , as we shall see in another connection . END
the vulnerability of protestantism to social differences stems from the peculiar role of the new religious style in middle-class life , where the congregation is a vehicle of social and economic group identity and must conform , therefore , to the principle of economic integration . END
this fact is evident in the recruitment of new members . END
the rule of economic integration in congregational life can be seen in the missionary outreach of the major denominations . END
there is much talk in theological circles about the `` church as mission '' and the `` church's mission '' ; ; END
theologians have been stressing the fact that the church does not exist for its own sake but as a testimony in the world for the healing of the world . END
a crucial question , therefore , is what evangelism and mission actually mean in metropolitan protestantism . END
if economic integration really shapes congregational life , then evangelism should be a process of extending economic integration . END
the task of a congregation would be defined , according to economic integration , as the work of UNK individuals and families of similar social and economic position to replenish the nuclear core of the congregation . END
( co-optation means to choose by joint action in order to fill a vacancy ; ; END
it can also mean the assimilation of centers of power from an environment in order to strengthen an organization . END
) in a mobile society , congregational health depends on a constant process of recruitment ; ; END
this recruitment , however , must follow the pattern of economic integration or it will disrupt the congregation ; ; END
therefore , the recruitment or missionary outreach of the congregation will be co-optation rather than proclamation -- like elements will have to be assimilated . END
evangelism and congregational outreach have not been carefully studied in the churches ; ; END
one study in pittsburgh , however , has illuminated the situation . END
in a sample of new members of pittsburgh churches , almost 60 per cent were recruited by initial `` contacts with friendly members '' . END
if we add to these contacts with friendly members the `` contacts with an organization of the church '' ( UNK per cent of the cases ) , then a substantial two thirds of all recruitment is through friendly contact . END
on the surface , this seems a sound approach to christian mission : members of the congregation show by their friendly attitudes that they care for new people ; ; END
the new people respond in kind by joining the church . END
missionary outreach by friendly contact looks somewhat different when one reflects on what is known about friendly contact in metropolitan neighborhoods ; ; END
the majority of such contacts are with people of similar social and economic position ; ; END
association by level of achievement is the dominant principle of informal relations . END
this means that the UNK of the congregation are extended into the community , picking up the wave lengths of those who will fit into the social and economic level of the congregation ; ; END
the mission of the church is actually a process of informal co-optation ; ; END
the lay ministry is a means to recruit UNK people who will strengthen the social class nucleus of the congregation . END
churches can be strengthened through this process of co-optation so long as the environs of the church provide a sufficient pool of people who can fit the pattern of economic integration ; ; END
once the pool of recruits UNK , the congregation is helpless -- friendly contacts no longer keep it going . END
the UNK of mission to co-optation is further indicated by the UNK of educational activities , worship , preaching , and publicity in reaching new members . END
the proclamation of the churches is almost totally confined to pastoral contacts by the clergy ( UNK per cent of new members ) and friendly contacts by members ( over two thirds if organizational activities are included ) . END
publicity accounted for UNK per cent of the initial contacts with new members . END
in general , friendly contact with a member followed by contact with a clergyman will account for a major share of recruitment by the churches , making it quite evident that the extension of economic integration through co-optation is the principal form of mission in the contemporary church ; ; END
economic integration and co-optation are the two methods by which protestants associate with and recruit from the neighborhood . END
the inner life of congregations will UNK so long as UNK people of similar social and economic level can UNK together ; ; END
the outer life of congregations -- the UNK of the environment to their survival -- will be UNK so long as the people in the area are of the same social and economic level as the membership . END
economic integration UNK when the social and economic UNK in an area become too mixed or conflict with the status of the congregation . END
in a rapidly changing society congregations will run into difficulties repeatedly , since such nice UNK of economic integration are hard to sustain in the metropolis for more than a single generation . END
the fact that metropolitan churches of the major denominations have moved approximately every generation for the last hundred years becomes somewhat more intelligible in the light of this struggle to maintain economic balance . END
the expense of this type of organization in religious life , when one recalls the number of city churches which deteriorated beyond repair before being abandoned , raises fundamental questions about the principle of protestant survival in a mobile society ; ; END
nonetheless , the prevalence of economic integration in congregations UNK the nature of the protestant development . END
it was observed in the UNK chapter that metropolitan life had split into two trends -- expanding interdependence on an impersonal basis and growing UNK in local communal groupings . END
these trends seem to be working at UNK in the metropolis . END
residential associations struggle to UNK themselves against UNK . END
the motifs of impersonal interdependence and insulation of residential communities have UNK ; ; END
the UNK between central city and suburb , negro and white , blue collar and white collar can be viewed as symptomatic of this deeper polarization of trends in the metropolis . END
it now becomes evident that the denominational church is intimately involved with the economy of middle-class culture , for it serves to UNK the social class identity of middle-class residential groupings . END
the accelerated pace of metropolitan changes has UNK the drive to conformity in congregations of the major denominations . END
this conformity represents a desperate attempt to UNK a hopelessly unstable environment . END
more than creatures of metropolitan forces , the churches have taken the lead in UNK the interdependence of metropolitan life , UNK and perpetuating the UNK of peoples , giving form to the struggle for social homogeneity in a world of heterogeneous peoples . END
since american life is committed above all to productivity and a higher standard of economic life , the UNK forces of residential and religious UNK have fought a desperate , UNK action against the expanding interdependence of the metropolis . END
consumer communities have suffered at the hands of the productive interests . END
negroes , puerto UNK , and rural newcomers are slowly making their way into the cities . END
soon they will fight their way into the lower middle-class suburbs , and the churches will experience the same decay and rebuilding cycle which has characterized their history for a century . END
the identification of the basic unit of religious organization -- the parish or congregation -- with a residential area is UNK in a modern metropolis , for it simply means the closing of an iron trap on the outreach of the christian fellowship and the UNK of mission to co-optation . END
mission to the metropolis UNK survival of the congregation in the residential community , because the middle classes are fighting metropolitan interdependence with residential exclusion . END
this interpretation of the role of residence in the economy of middle-class culture could lead to various projections for the churches . END
it could be argued that any fellowship which centers in residential neighborhoods is doomed to become an expression of the panic for stable identity among the middle classes . END
it could be argued that only such neighborhoods can sustain religious activity , since worship UNK some local UNK . END
whatever projection one makes , the striking fact about congregational and parochial life is the extent to which it is a vehicle of the social identity of middle-class people . END
attention will be given in the next chapter to the style of association in the denominational churches ; ; END
this style is characteristically an expression of the communal style of the middle classes . END
the UNK of this style are UNK and emphasis on achievements in gaining self-esteem . END
these values give direction to the life of the middle-class man or woman , UNK the methods of child UNK , determining the pattern of community participation , setting the style for the psychiatric treatment of middle-class illness , and informing the congregational life of the major denominations . END
`` fellowship by UNK '' and `` mission by friendly contact '' form the iron cage of denominational religion . END
its contents are another matter , for they reveal the kinds of interests pursued by the congregation . END
what goes on in the cage will occupy our attention under the UNK of the organization church . END
an understanding of the new role of residential association in an industrial society serves to UNK the forces which have fashioned the iron cage of conformity which UNK the churches in their suburban captivity . END
the UNK question still remains as to why the middle classes turn to the churches as a vehicle of social identity when their clubs and charities should fill the same need . END
with capital largely UNK , there seemed to them no other course to pursue . END
the directors sold directly to concessionaires , who had to make their profits above the high prices asked by the company . END
these concessionaires traded where they wished and generally dealt with the indians through engages , who might be habitants , voyageurs , or even soldiers . END
the concessionaires also had to pay a tax of one-tenth on the goods they traded , and all pelts were to be taken to company stores and shipped to france in company ships . END
the company disposed of the pelts , but with what profit , the records do not show . END
in accord with its UNK policy , the company failed to furnish presents to hold the loyalty of the principal indians . END
the UNK use of presents had been effective in expanding the indian trade of new france and louisiana in the previous century , and the change in UNK aroused resentment in the minds of the red men . END
traders from the english colonies were far more generous , and indian loyalty turned to them . END
protests from governors and UNK passed UNK , and the UNK policy of the company probably let loose indian UNK that brought ruin to the company . END
in UNK the king sent three commissioners to louisiana with full powers to do all that was necessary to protect the colony . END
they ordered the raising of troops and obtained UNK UNK with which to build forts . END
they adopted a program by which louisiana was divided into five districts . END
in each of these there was to be a strong military post , and a trading depot to supply the smaller trading houses . END
for southeastern louisiana , mobile was the principal post , and it was to furnish supplies for trade to the north and east , in the region threatened by british traders . END
mobile was to be the anchor of a chain of posts extending northward to the sources of the tennessee river . END
fort UNK , on the alabama river , had been erected in UNK for trade with the UNK and UNK , but money was available for only one other new post , near the present nashville , tennessee , and this was soon abandoned . END
west of the mobile district was the lower mississippi district , of which new orleans was headquarters . END
dependent upon it were posts on the lower mississippi and the region westward to the frontiers of new spain . END
on the middle mississippi a principal post was to be located near the mouth of the arkansas . END
it was hoped that to this post would flow a large quantity of furs from the west , principally down the arkansas river . END
on the ohio or wabash was to be built another post `` at the fork of two great rivers '' . END
other posts would be established up the ohio and wabash to protect communication with canada . END
on the upper mississippi the illinois post was to be established near UNK , and dependent posts were to be built on the missouri , `` where there are mines in abundance '' . END
each of the five principal posts was to have a director , responsible to a UNK at new orleans . END
an elaborate system of accounting and reports was worked out , and the trade was to be managed in the most scientific way . END
concessionaires were to be under the supervision of the directors . END
engages must be loyal to the concessionaires , and must serve until the term provided in the engagement was ended . END
the habitants were to be encouraged to trade and were to dispose of their pelts to the concessionaires . END
only two principal UNK were actually established -- one at mobile , the other at new orleans . END
new orleans supplied the goods for the trade on the mississippi , and west of that river , and on the ohio and wabash . END
mobile was also supplied by new orleans with goods for the mobile district . END
the power that bienville exercised during his first administration cannot be determined . END
regulations for the indian trade were made by the UNK UNK de la UNK , and bienville apparently did not have control of that body . END
the UNK even treated the serious matter of british aggression as its business and , on its own authority , sent to UNK savages merchandise `` suitable for the UNK trade '' . END
it decided , also , that the purely secular efforts of bienville were insufficient , and sent missionaries to win the savages from the UNK UNK . END
during the first administration of bienville , the UNK trade of the mobile district was a UNK source of revenue . END
the UNK brought in annually UNK to 20,000 UNK , and the UNK and chickasaws brought the total up to UNK pelts . END
these UNK were the raw material for the manufacture of leather , and were the only articles which the tribes of this district had to exchange for european goods . END
during his first administration , bienville succeeded in keeping carolina traders out of the alabama country and the UNK country . END
the director of the post at mobile kept an adequate amount of french goods , of a kind to which they were accustomed , to supply the indian needs . END
the alabama and UNK rivers furnished a highway by which goods could be moved quickly and UNK . END
de la UNK , commander of the alabama post , had the friendship of the natives , and was able to make them look upon the british as poor competitors . END
UNK UNK , the most prominent trader in the district , was energetic and UNK , but his methods often aroused the UNK of the french governors . END
he became , after a time , commander of a post on the alabama river , but his operations extended from mobile throughout the district , and he finally obtained a monopoly of the indian trade . END
the chickasaws were the principal source of trouble in the mobile district . END
their territory lay to the north , near the sources of the alabama , the UNK , the tennessee , and UNK rivers , and was easily accessible to traders among the UNK UNK . END
in UNK some chickasaws UNK the french traders among them , and did not make peace for four years . END
UNK traders , however , continued to come to them from mobile , and to obtain a considerable number of pelts for the french markets . END
british traders from south carolina UNK the indians against the french , and there developed french and british factions in the tribe . END
the chickasaws finally were the occasion for the most disastrous wars during the french control of louisiana . END
to hold them was an essential part of french policy , for they controlled the upper UNK of the routes from the north to mobile . END
they threatened constantly to give the british a hold on this region , from UNK they could move easily down the rivers to the french settlements near the gulf . END
bienville realized that if the french were to hold the southeastern tribes against the UNK of british goods , french traders must be able to offer a supply as abundant as the UNK and at reasonable prices . END
his UNK brought some results . END
the company of the indies promised to send over a supply of indian trading goods , and to price them more UNK in terms of UNK . END
but it coupled with this a requirement that indians must bring their pelts to mobile and thus save all costs of transportation into and out of the indian country . END
the insistence of bienville upon giving liberal prices to the indians , in order to drive back the carolina traders , was probably a factor that led to his recall in UNK . END
for two years his friend and cousin , UNK , remained as acting governor and could do little to stem the anglican advance . END
although he UNK a few friendly indians to UNK the invaders , and even kill some of them , the carolina advance continued . END
the company was impressed with some ideas of the danger from carolina , and when perier came over as governor in UNK , he was given special instructions regarding the trade of the mobile district . END
but the company of the indies , holding to its program of economy , made no arrangements to furnish better goods at attractive prices . END
to the directors the problem appeared a matter of intrigue or diplomacy . END
perier attempted to understand the problem by sending agents to inquire among the indians . END
these agents were to ascertain the difference between english and french goods , and the prices charged the indians . END
they were to UNK the unfriendly savages , and , wherever possible , to UNK the natives to UNK the traders from carolina . END
they were to promise fine presents to the loyal red men , as well as an abundant supply of trading goods at better prices than the opposition was offering . END
UNK UNK gained some successes . END
the savages divided into two factions ; ; END
one was british and the other , french . END
so hostile did these factions become that , among the UNK , civil war broke out . END
UNK efforts , however , were on the whole UNK in winning back the tribes of the mobile district , and he decided to send troops into the troubled country . END
he asked the government for two hundred soldiers , who were to be specifically assigned to arrest english traders and UNK indians . END
in spite of the company's restrictions , he planned to build new posts in the territory . END
he asked also for more supplies to trade at a low price for the UNK pelts . END
no help came from the crown , and perier , in desperation , gave a monopoly of the indian trade in the district to UNK . END
UNK went vigorously to work , and gave credit to many hunters . END
but they brought back few pelts to pay their debts , and soon french trade in the region was at an end . END
perier finally , in one last bid in UNK , cut the price of goods to an advance of 40 per cent above the cost in france . END
the indians were not impressed and held to the carolina traders , who UNK over the country , almost to the mississippi . END
with the loss of the mobile trade , which ended all profits from louisiana , the UNK indians UNK . END
they destroyed a trading house and UNK the goods , and harassed french shipping on the mississippi . END
the war to UNK them taxed the resources of the colony and piled up enormous debts . END
in january , UNK , the company asked the crown to relieve it of the government of the colony . END
it stated that it had lost UNK UNK in its operations , and apparently blamed its poor success largely on the indian trade . END
it offered to surrender its right to exclusive trade , but asked an UNK . END
the king accepted the surrender and fixed the compensation of the company at UNK UNK . END
UNK , the commerce of louisiana was free to all UNK . END
company rule in louisiana left the colony without UNK , arms , UNK , or supplies . END
the difficulties of trade had ruined many voyageurs , and numbers of them had gone to live with the natives and rear UNK families . END
others left the country , and there was no one familiar with the indian trade . END
if this trade should be resumed , the habitants who had come to be farmers or UNK , and soldiers discharged from the army , must be hardened to the severe life of UNK de UNK . END
this was a slow and difficult course , and french trade suffered from the many mistakes of the new group of traders . END
these men were without capital or experience . END
perier and UNK , the UNK , wished either to UNK the trade to an association of merchants or to have the crown furnish goods on credit to individuals who would repay their debts with pelts . END
bienville , who returned to succeed perier in UNK , objected that the merchants would not accept the responsibility of managing a trade in which they could see no hope of profits . END
he reported , too , that among the habitants there were none of UNK and ability sufficient to justify UNK them with the king's goods . END
he did find some to trust , however , and he employed the king's soldiers to trade . END
with no company to interfere , he kept close control over all the traders . END
in order to compete with english traders , bienville radically changed the price schedule . END
the king should expect no profit , and an advance of only 20 per cent above the cost in france , which would cover the expense of transportation and handling , was all he charged the traders . END
they would not be pleased to have it published back home that they planned a UNK in paris or hong kong at the UNK expense . END
they would be particularly displeased with the state department if it were the source of such reports . END
few things are more perilous for the state department than a displeased congressman . END
the reason for this bears explaining for those who may wonder why state spends so much of its diplomatic energy on congress when the russians are so available . END
first , the state department is unique among government agencies for its lack of public supporters . END
the farmers may be aroused if congress cuts into the agriculture department's budget . END
businessmen will rise if congress attacks the commerce department . END
labor UNK undue brutality toward the labor department ; ; END
the chamber of commerce , assaults upon the treasury . END
a UNK of pressure groups make it unpleasant for the congressman who becomes ugly toward the department of health , education , and welfare . END
the UNK patriotism is always involved when he turns upon the defense department . END
UNK with the post office may UNK every voter who can write . END
with all these agencies , the congressman must constantly check the political wind and trim his UNK accordingly . END
no such political restraint UNK his blood when he UNK upon the state department in anger . END
in many sections he may even UNK applause from press and public for giving it a good lesson . END
after all , the money UNK by state goes not to the farmer , the laborer , or the businessman , but to foreigners . END
not only do these foreigners not vote for american congressmen ; ; END
they are also probably UNK for uncle's sam's UNK . END
and are not the state department men who dispense this UNK merely UNK and UNK who have never met a payroll ? ? END
will not the righteous congressman be UNK at the polls if he reminds them to get right with america and if he saves the taxpayer some money by UNK a few of their schemes ? ? END
the chances are excellent that he will . END
the result is that the state department's perpetual position before congress is the resigned pose of the whipping boy who expects to be kicked whenever the master has had a UNK outing with his wife . END
people in this position do not offend the master by relating his UNK to the newspapers . END
state keeps the UNK list a secret . END
the department expects and receives no thanks from congress for its discretion . END
congress is a harsh master . END
state is expected to arrange the touring UNK foreign UNK ; ; END
its embassies are expected to supply him with UNK of local money to pay his way ; ; END
embassy workers are expected to entertain him according to his UNK , frequently with their savings for the children's college tuition . END
but come the next session of congress , state can expect only that its summer guest will bite its hand when it goes to the capitol asking money for diplomatic entertaining expenses abroad or for living expenses for its diplomats . END
the congressman who , in paris , may have stuffed his wallet with enough UNK notes to paper the roof of UNK will systematically scream that a $200 increase in entertainment allowance for a second secretary is UNK to UNK of the treasury . END
in the matter of money state's most UNK UNK during the eisenhower years was representative john j. rooney , of brooklyn , who controlled the purse for diplomatic administrative expenses . END
diplomats stayed up nights thinking of ways to attain peaceful coexistence , not with nikita khrushchev , but with john rooney . END
in the most confidential whispers ambassadors told of techniques they had tried to bring rooney around -- friendly persuasion , UNK UNK , pressure subtly exerted through other powerful congressmen , tales of UNK and UNK among a UNK diplomatic corps . END
`` the trouble , '' explained UNK UNK , then deputy UNK for administration , `` is that when we get into an argument with him about this thing , it always turns out that rooney knows more about our budget than we do '' . END
one year the department collected a file of case histories to document its argument that men in the field were paying the government's entertainment bills out of personal income . END
news of the project reached the press . END
next day , reports went through the department that rooney had been outraged by what he considered a patent attempt to put public pressure on him for increased entertainment allowances and had sworn an oath that , that year , expense allowances would not rise a dollar . END
the department's constant fight with the house for money is a polite UNK compared with its periodic bloody engagements with the senate . END
armed with constitutional power to UNK the UNK foreign policy , the senate carries a big stick and is easily provoked to use it on the state department's back , or on the head of the secretary of state . END
with its power to investigate , the senate can UNK the secretary by keeping him in a state of perpetual testimony before committees , as it did with dean UNK . END
john foster dulles escaped by keeping his personal show on the road and because UNK johnson , who was then operating the senate , refused to let it become an UNK . END
during UNK first two years in office , while republicans ran the senate , the department was at the mercy of men who had UNK for its blood since 1945 . END
an internal police operation managed by scott UNK , a former UNK man installed as security officer upon congressional insistence , was part of the vengeance . END
so was the attack upon charles e. UNK when eisenhower appointed him ambassador to moscow . END
the principal UNK , however , was senator joseph mccarthy . END
where UNK had fought a gallant losing battle for the department , dulles fed the UNK with his subordinates . END
UNK privately but UNK public defense of his UNK UNK , dulles remained serene and detached while the hatchet men had their way . END
in view of eisenhower's reluctance to concede that anything was UNK in the terror , it is doubtful that heroic intervention by dulles could have produced anything but disaster for him and the country's foreign policy . END
in any event , the example of UNK UNK by the senate did not encourage dulles to UNK it . END
he elected to `` get along '' . END
during this dark chapter in state department history , men who had offered UNK ideas later proven wrong by events filled the UNK sent up to capitol hill . END
their old errors of judgment were equated , in the curious logic of the time , with present UNK intent . END
their successors , UNK the lesson , made it a point to have few ideas . END
this , in turn , brought a new fashion in UNK criticism as the democrats took control . END
in the new style , the department was UNK as intellectually barren and unable to produce the vital ideas needed to UNK the russians . END
for three or four years in the UNK , this complaint was heard UNK up from the senate floor whenever there was a dull legislative afternoon . END
it became smart to say that the fault was with dulles because he would not countenance thinking done by anyone but himself . END
an equally tenable thesis is that the UNK of new thought was created by the senate's own UNK for UNK anyone whose ideas seem unorthodox to the next generation . END
there are UNK foreign embassies and UNK in washington . END
they range from the soviet embassy on sixteenth street , a gray UNK pile suggesting a UNK display house , to what congressman rooney has called `` that UNK on UNK street '' , the modern UNK UNK of the belgians . END
here is the world of the UNK limousine and the gossip reporter , of UNK on stale crackers and the warm martini , of the UNK , the spy , the party UNK , and the patriot , of the rented tails , the double cross , and the tired UNK . END
into its UNK each day pour reports from UNK around the earth and an endless stream of UNK instructions on how to handle uncle sam in an infinite variety of contingencies . END
here are UNK plans for getting a share of the american UNK , the secret of the UNK missile , or an invitation to dinner . END
out of it each week go hundreds of thousands of words UNK to inform home UNK about what is really happening inside washington . END
some , like the british and the french , maintain an elaborate system of personal contacts and have experts constantly studying special areas of the american scene . END
other embassies cable home the new york times without changing a UNK . END
each has its peculiar style . END
the soviet embassy is popularly regarded as russian espionage headquarters . END
when ambassador UNK menshikov took it over in 1957 from UNK UNK , he made a determined effort to change this idea . END
menshikov hit washington with a tv UNK grin and a hearty UNK . END
to everyone's astonishment he seemed no more like the UNK russian ambassador than george UNK was like UNK UNK karamazov . END
where his predecessors had UNK , menshikov smiled . END
where they had affected the bleak social style of UNK assistants , menshikov went abroad gorgeous in white tie and tails . END
overnight he became the most available man in washington . END
speeches by the soviet ambassador became the vogue as he obliged rural maryland UNK and national press club alike . END
in senator joseph UNK phrase , it was the most UNK thing ever heard of . END
a newspaperman who met him at a reception swore that he asked menshikov : `` what should we call you '' ? ? END
and that menshikov replied : `` just call me mike '' . END
`` UNK mike '' was the UNK washington gave him . END
his english was usable and he used it UNK . END
UNK in champagne one night at the embassy , he UNK his glass to a UNK wife and gaily cried : `` up your bottom '' ! ! END
for a few UNK months that coincided with one of moscow's smiling moods , he was the sensation of washington . END
at the state department , UNK russian experts complained that the capitol was out of its wits . END
newspaper UNK was inspired to remind everyone that UNK , too , had been able to smile . END
the menshikov interlude ended as UNK with the russians usually end . END
finding peaceful coexistence temporarily UNK because of domestic politics , moscow resumed UNK and `` UNK mike '' dropped quietly out of the press except for an occasional story reporting that he had been UNK somewhere in the middle west . END
the most inscrutable embassies are the UNK , and the most inscrutable of the UNK are the UNK UNK . END
when king UNK visited washington , the overwhelming question consuming the press was the size of his family . END
rumor had it that his children numbered in the hundreds . END
the state department was little help on this , or on much else about UNK UNK . END
a reporter who consulted a middle east information officer for routine vital statistics got nowhere until the state department man produced from his bottom desk drawer a UNK published by the UNK oil company . END
`` this is where i get my information from '' , he confided . END
`` but bring it right back . END
it's the only copy i've got '' . END
the size of UNK family was still being debated when the king appeared for his first meeting with eisenhower . END
when it ended , a UNK sheik in desert robes flowed into UNK office to report on the interview . END
the UNK reporters brushed aside the customary UNK about UNK friendship to bore in on the central question . END
how many children did the king have ? ? END
`` twenty-one '' , replied the sheik . END
and how many of these were sons ? ? END
`` twenty-five '' , the sheik replied . END
`` do you mean to tell us '' , a reporter asked , `` that the king has twenty-one children , twenty-five of whom are sons '' ? ? END
the sheik smiled and murmured : `` that is precisely correct '' . END
the UNK are noted for UNK of language . END
when dag hammarskjold was negotiating the middle east peace after UNK 1956 invasion of egypt , he soon found himself speaking the mysterious phrases of cairo , a language as UNK as casey UNK . END
the reports of president UNK UNK which hammarskjold was UNK from cairo to washington became increasingly UNK to other diplomats , including the israeli foreign minister , mrs. UNK UNK . END
finally he reported that UNK was ready to make a concrete commitment in return for israeli concessions . END
the deep water is used by many people , but it is always clean , for the washing is done outside . END
i know now why our japanese friends were surprised when they walked into our bathroom . END
of course , most toilets are eastern style -- at floor level -- but even when they are raised to chair height , they are actually outside toilets -- inside . END
a few newer homes have western flush toilets , but even with running water , they are usually eastern style . END
the next day i visited international christian college which has developed since the war under the leadership of people who were UNK and who know japan well . END
they are trying to demonstrate some different ways of teaching and learning . END
the library has open shelves even in the UNK periodical UNK . END
spiritual life is cultivated , but students do not need to be christian . END
they have an enviable record of being able to place in employment 100% of their graduates . END
in the afternoon miss UNK and her mother invited me to go with them and young mrs. UNK to see the famous spring dances of the UNK dancers . END
mrs. UNK is one of the japanese women one reads about -- beautiful , artistically talented , an UNK manager of her big household -- ( four boys and four girls ) , and yet looking like a UNK , gentle japanese woman . END
she was a real experience ! ! END
the dances were as beautiful as anything i have ever seen -- they rival the new york UNK for scenery and precision as well as imagination . END
because don was leaving the next day , i spent the evening with him at asia center . END
the following morning mr. UNK called for me , and we went to visit schools -- UNK , UNK , elementary school , and high school -- mr. UNK school . END
there is much more freedom in the schools here than i expected -- some think too much . END
there is a great deal of thought being given to the question of moral education in the schools . END
with the loss of the emperor UNK in japan , the people are left in confusion with no god or moral teachings that have strength . END
the older parents continued to teach their children traditional principles , but the younger people , who have lost all faith and convictions , are now parents . END
there seems to be no purpose in life that is sure -- no certain guiding principles to give stability . END
as a result , money is spent quickly and freely , with no thought of its value . END
gambling is everywhere , especially among students . END
parents indulge their children . END
the government has recognized the dilemma and is beginning to devise some moral education for the schools -- but the teachers often have no firm conviction and are confused . END
i was told that it is quite likely that japanese soldiers would not fight again -- for why should they ? ? END
it will be painful , but interesting , to see what kind of a god these people will create or what strong convictions they will develop . END
in the evening the former oregon state science teachers met for dinner at the new tokyo restaurant where i had my first raw fish and found it good . END
they suggested several new foods , and usually i found them good , except the UNK , which i think i could learn to like . END
six of the science teachers were present , and we had great fun . END
after a day at UNK , mrs. UNK put me on the train for kyoto . END
my instructions were that mr. UNK would meet me at the hotel , but instead he and three others were at the station with a very warm welcome . END
my hotel rooms on the trip were arranged by masu and the japan travel bureau and were more elegant than i would have chosen , but it was fun for once to be elegant -- i did explain to the students , however , that this was not my usual style , for their salaries are very small , and it seemed out of place for me to be housed so well . END
they understood and UNK me a bit about it . END
i think i would have been much disappointed in japan if i had not seen kyoto , nara , and hiroshima . END
kyoto is the ancient capital of japan and still its cultural center . END
it , along with nara , was untouched by the war -- and is now a beautiful example of the loveliness of UNK japan . END
here i was accompanied by mrs. UNK ( UNK mother ) , her son , mr. UNK ( a prospective student with whom i have been corresponding for more than a year ) , and mr. UNK , one of the science teachers . END
i arrived at UNK a.m. and by UNK a.m. i had finished breakfast and was on my way to see what they had planned . END
we walked miles and saw various shrines and gardens . END
we visited the UNK home -- where for the first time i saw the famous tea ceremony . END
at UNK p.m. we went to the kyoto spring dances at the place where these beautiful dances originated . END
they were even better than those of tokyo -- more spectacular and more imaginative . END
after a supper of UNK ( rice with UNK -- UNK which is raised in an UNK pond at the foot of mt. UNK ) , i returned to my beautiful room to sleep as hard as possible to be ready for another busy day . END
we started at 9 a.m. to visit the kyoto university where mr. UNK is attending . END
i was amazed at the very poor hospital facilities accompanying the medical school . END
they apologized for the condition , including dirt and flies , and i was a little at a loss to know what to say . END
there seemed to be no excuse ? ? END
i don't have the answer yet . END
we had tea at mr. UNK home where i learned that he , too , comes from a very wealthy family . END
his grandfather is a buddhist priest ; ; END
and he , being the eldest , was supposed to be a priest , but he chose to do differently , and one of his brothers is to become the priest . END
this is a significant fact in japan , for only a few years ago he would have had no choice . END
in his big home live four families and thirty people , so it needs to be big . END
also , there are housed here some priceless historical treasures from 400 to 600 years old -- paintings , UNK , UNK , etc. . END
he had displayed more of them than usual so that i could enjoy them . END
about 100 of the most important items he had already given to the museum . END
the house itself is 400 years old with all the craftsmanship of older , UNK times . END
nara , osaka , and hiroshima END
mr. UNK went with me on the train to nara . END
we passed his house and school on the way . END
in nara i stayed at the hotel where the prince and princess had stayed on their honeymoon . END
a new red carpet had been laid for their coming , but i walked on it , too . END
here mr. UNK met us after a UNK train trip from the town where he teaches . END
even though we had walked miles in kyoto that day , we started out again to see nara at night . END
in the evening both of the men went with me on the train 30 miles to osaka to put me on the train for hiroshima . END
again the plan was for me to go alone , but they wouldn't let me . END
at osaka , mr. UNK had to leave us to get the train to his home , but mr. UNK and i had an hour and a half before train time to see osaka at night . END
it is the second largest city in japan , with about four million people . END
one spot in osaka i shall always remember -- the bridge where we stood to watch the reflections of the elaborate neon signs in the still waters of the river . END
in the midst of a great busy city , people take time to enjoy the beauty of natural reflection of artificial light . END
my train arrived in hiroshima at the awful hour of UNK a.m. . END
i had planned to go to the hotel by taxi and sleep a little , after which mr. UNK would arrive and pilot me around . END
but there he was at the train with an oregon state pennant in his hand . END
i know now why the students insisted that i go to hiroshima even when i told them i didn't want to . END
they knew that i was still UNK over the tragic event , and they felt that if i could see the recovery and the spirit of the people , who hold no grudge , but who also regret pearl harbor , i would be happier and would understand better a new japan . END
there were no words to say this but there was no need . END
the teachers of mr. UNK school gave me a small gift to thank me for coming . END
hiroshima is a better city than it was before -- in the minds of the people i met was a strong determination for peace and understanding . END
i was grateful for their insight into my need for this experience . END
a better world may yet come out of hiroshima . END
on arriving in tokyo later we were met by masu who took us immediately to her university , the japanese women's university . END
this day was `` open house for parents '' day , and the girls were busy preparing exhibits and arranging tea tables . END
everything was in an exciting turmoil -- full of anticipation and fun . END
it was thrilling to see the effect of an UNK teacher on japanese students in a class in home planning . END
our masu is one of the very few architects in japan who is trying to plan homes around family functions and women's needs . END
i am told the time will soon come when women will find it necessary to do most of their own work , and even now it is important to have UNK for the use of servants . END
many of the features of the homes are the latest modern devices in american homes , but an interesting blend of cultures finds us using japanese UNK in our own western architecture at the same time that the japanese are adopting western utility patterns . END
at this women's university we find a monument to a courageous family who believed that japanese women also should be educated . END
even today there are some doubts about the value of education for japanese women , but this university continues to grow and to send its students out into the community . END
active UNK have built a fine building on the campus where members can come and stay for a few days or longer and where they can have their social gatherings and professional meetings . END
as far as i am concerned there is continuous piling up of evidence that the creative fresh ideas which are needed in the world are going to be found by educated women unafraid to break traditions . END
masu is also teaching in a UNK school for japanese UNK in tokyo . END
here the women learn to keep house as maids ; ; END
they become skilled in cooking and cleaning and in receiving guests . END
they learn how to take care of children and sick members of the family . END
they have model kitchens , a sick room with a model patient in bed , and a nursery with a UNK doll . END
although the training is only for one month , it is intensive and thorough . END
graduates of this UNK school are much in demand and can always find work immediately . END
occasionally they return for additional training . END
UNK home economics training comes into play as she designs UNK along modern functional lines for the storage of cleaning materials . END
masu also uses the training she got in an american home where she learned to polish furniture , clean corners , and work effectively in keeping a UNK house . END
her education in the united states , not just in a classroom , but also in an american house with an american UNK , stands her in good stead . END
after a fine luncheon in the cafeteria , the kitchen of which masu had planned , mr. UNK and i left to meet representatives of the UNK for a visit to the university of tokyo . END
here again it was vacation time and there were many things i could not see , but i was able to visit with a professor who is famous in japanese circles and be guided through the grounds by his assistant . END
the achievement of the desegregation of certain lunch counters not only by wise action by local community leaders but by voluntary action following consultation between attorney general rogers and the heads of certain national chain stores should , of course , be applauded . END
but for it to be just to attain this same result by means of the force of a boycott throughout the nation would require the verification of facts contrary to those assumed in the foregoing case . END
the UNK in the previous illustration might be sufficiently altered by establishing a connection between general company practice and local practice in the south , and by establishing such direct connection between the practice and the economic well-being of stores located in new york and general company policy . END
then the boycott would not be secondary , but a primary one . END
it would be directed against the actual location of the UNK policy which , for UNK sake and for the sake of justice , must be removed , and , UNK from this , to the economic injury of the people directly and UNK a part of this policy . END
perhaps this would be sufficient to justify an economic boycott of an entire national chain in order , by threatening potential injury to its entire economy , to effect an alteration of the policy of its local stores in the matter of segregation . END
such a general boycott might still be a blunt or UNK instrument , and therefore of questionable justification . END
action located where the evil is concentrated will prove most decisive and is most clearly legitimate . END
moreover , prudence alone would indicate that , unless the local customs are already ready to fall when pushed , the results of direct economic action everywhere upon national chain stores will likely be simply to give undue advantage to local and state stores which conform to these customs , leading to greater UNK and local autonomy within the company , or even ( as the final UNK of an UNK application of economic pressure to correct injustice ) to its going out of business in certain sections of the country ( as , for that matter , the quakers , who once had many meetings in the UNK war south , largely went out of business in that part of the country over the slavery issue , never to recover a large number of southern adherents ) . END
in any case , anyone who fails to make significant distinction between primary and secondary applications of economic pressure would in principle already have justified that use of economic boycott as a means which broke out a few years ago or was skillfully organized by white UNK councils in the entire state of mississippi against every local UNK dealer in that state , in protest against a UNK program over a national tv network on which was presented a drama showing , it seemed , a `` high yellow gal '' UNK with a white man . END
it is true , of course , that the end or objective of this action was different . END
but since this is a world in which people disagree about ends and goals and concerning justice and injustice , and since , in a situation where direct action and economic pressure are called for , the justice of the matter has either not been clearly defined by law or the law is not effectively present , there has to be a morality of means applied in every case in which people take it upon themselves to use economic pressures or other forms of force . END
the need that we not give UNK approval to any but a limited use of economic pressure directed against the actual UNK of injustice is clear also in light of the fact that white UNK councils seem resolved to maintain segregation mainly by the use of these same means and not ordinarily by physical violence . END
an unlimited use of economic pressures for UNK opposite causes could UNK the UNK of any fellow humanity as surely as this would be destroyed by the use of more obviously brutal means . END
the end or aim of the action , of course , is also important , especially where it is not alone a matter of changing community customs but of the use of deadly economic power to UNK a person from stepping forward to claim his legal rights , e.g. , against negroes who register to vote in fayette county , tennessee , at the present moment . END
here the recourse is in steps to give economic UNK to those being UNK , and to legal remedies . END
this , however , is sufficient to show that more or less non-violent resistance and economic conflict ( if both sides are strong enough ) can be war of all against all no less than if other means are used . END
it is also sufficient to show the christian and any other champion of justice that he needs to make sure not only that his cause is just but also that his conduct is just , i.e. , that , if economic pressure has to be resorted to , this be applied directly against those persons directly in the way of some salutary change in business or institutional practices , while , if injury fall upon others , it fall upon them indirectly and UNK ( however inevitably ) and not by deliberate intent and direct action against them . END
it is clear that non-violent resistance is a mode of action in need of justification and limitation in christian morality , like any other form of resistance . END
the language used itself often makes very clear that this is only another form of struggle for victory ( perhaps to be chosen above all others ) . END
one of the UNK leaders has said : `` nobody from the top of heaven to the bottom of hell can stop the march to freedom . END
everybody in the world today might as well make up their minds to march with freedom or freedom is going to march over them '' . END
the present writer certainly agrees with that statement , and would also affirm this -- in the order of justice . END
however , it is also a christian insight to know that unless charity UNK justice it is not likely to be freedom that marches forward . END
and when charity UNK man's struggle for justice and freedom it does not simply surround this with a sentimental good will . END
it also definitely fashions conduct in the way explained above , and this means far more than in the choice of non-violent means . END
r. b. UNK has written that `` UNK and good will of the victim act like the lack of physical opposition by the user of physical UNK , to cause the attacker to lose his moral balance . END
he suddenly and unexpectedly loses the moral support which the usual violent resistance of most victims would render him '' ; ; END
and again , that `` the object of non-violent resistance is partly analogous to this object of war -- namely , to UNK the opponent , to break his will , to destroy his confidence , enthusiasm , and hope . END
in another respect it is UNK , for non-violent resistance UNK the opponent only to UNK in him a new morale that is firmer because it is based on sounder values '' . END
a trial of strength , however , is made quite inevitable by virtue of the fact that anyone engaging in non-violent resistance will be convinced that his action is based on sounder values than those of his opponent ; ; END
and in warfare with any means , men commonly disagree over the justice of the cause . END
this makes necessary a morality of means , and principles governing the conduct of resistance whenever this is thought to be justified . END
the question , then , is whether sufficient discrimination in the use of even non-violent means of coercion is to be found in the fact that such conduct UNK and overcomes the opponent while UNK and UNK him . END
here it is relevant to remember that men commonly regard some causes as more important than their lives ; ; END
and to them it will seem insignificant that it is proposed to defeat such causes UNK . END
a technique by which it is proposed to enter with compulsion into the very heart of a man and determine his values may often in fact seem the more unlimited aggression . END
among christian groups , the UNK have commonly been aware more than others of the fact that the nature of divine charity raises decisively the question of the christian use of all forms of pressure . END
since the will and word of god are for them concentrated in UNK love , it seems clear to them that non-violent resistance is quite another thing . END
`` the primary objective of UNK '' , writes the outstanding UNK UNK , `` is not peace , or obedience to the divine will , but rather certain desired social changes , for personal , or class , or national advantage '' . END
without agreeing with every phrase in this statement , we must certainly assert the great difference between christian love and any form of resistance , and then go on beyond the UNK position and affirm that christian UNK must first justify and then determine the moral principles limiting resistance . END
these principles we have now set forth . END
economy in the use of power needs not only to be asserted , but clearly specified ; ; END
and when this is done it will be found that the principles governing christian resistance cut across the distinction between violent and non-violent means , and apply to both alike , UNK either on occasion and always limiting either action . END
economy in the use of power means more than UNK a barely UNK pressure upon an opponent and upon the injustice opposed . END
that would amount to calculating the means and UNK them wholly in terms of their effectiveness in reaching desired goals . END
there must also be additional and more fundamental discrimination in the use of means of resistance , violent or non-violent . END
the justification in christian conscience of the use of any mode of resistance also lays down its limitation -- in the distinction between the persons against whom pressure is primarily directed , those upon whom it may be permitted also to fall , and those who may never be directly UNK for the sake even of achieving some great good . END
in these terms , the `` economic withdrawal '' of the negroes of nashville , tennessee , from trading in the center city , for example , was clearly justified , since these distinctions do not require that only people subjectively guilty be singled out . END
we may now take up for consideration a hard case which seems to require either no action employing economic pressure or else action that would seem to violate the principles set forth above . END
there may be instances in which , if economic pressure is to be undertaken at all , this would have to be applied without discrimination against a whole people . END
an excellent article was published recently in the journal of the church peace union by a south african journalist on the inhuman economic conditions of the UNK in south africa , UNK to virtual slavery , and the economic complicity of both the government and the people of the united states in these conditions . END
`` billions of american dollars , not only from capital investors but also from the pockets of u.s. taxpayers '' , this author states , `` are being poured into south africa to support a system dedicated to the oppression , the persecution , and the almost UNK exploitation of 12 million people the color of whose skins happens not to be white '' . END
both the conditions and the complicity are documented in considerable detail . END
this leads to the conclusion that `` the fact is inescapable that america does have a say in whether or not UNK shall continue '' . END
our leadership in a wide economic boycott of south africa would be not only in accord , it seems , with the moral conscience of america , not to be denied because we also as a people have widespread injustice in the relations of the races in our own country , but also in accord with our law , u.s. code title 19 , section UNK , which forbids the UNK of goods made by forced or convict labor . END
not only should this provision be enforced but other economic and political actions might be taken which , this author believes , `` must surely be supported by every american who values the freedom that has been won for him and whose conscience is not so dominated by the lines in his account books that he can willingly and knowingly contribute to the UNK of another nation '' . END
northern liberals are the chief supporters of civil rights and of integration . END
they have also led the nation in the direction of a welfare state . END
and both in their objectives of UNK and of social progress they have had ranged against them the southerners who are called bourbons . END
the name presumably derives from the french royal house which never learned and never forgot ; ; END
since bourbon whiskey , though of kentucky origin , is at least as much favored by liberals in the north as by conservatives in the south . END
the nature of the opposition between liberals and bourbons is too little understood in the north . END
the race problem has tended to obscure other , less emotional , issues which may fundamentally be even more divisive . END
it is these other differences between north and south -- other , that is , than those which concern discrimination or social welfare -- which i chiefly discuss UNK . END
i write about northern liberals from considerable personal experience . END
a southerner married to a new englander , i have lived for many years in a connecticut commuting town with a high percentage of artists , writers , publicity men , and business executives of UNK tastes . END
most of them are democrats and nearly all consider themselves , and are viewed as , liberals . END
this is puzzling to an UNK conscious of the classic tradition of liberalism , because it is clear that these democrats who are UNK are at opposite poles from the liberal jefferson , who held that the best government was the least government . END
yet paradoxically my liberal friends continue to view jefferson as one of their patron saints . END
when i question them as to what they mean by concepts like liberty and democracy , i find that they fall into two categories : the simpler ones who have simply accepted the UNK of their faith without analysis ; ; END
and the intelligent , cynical ones who UNK reply that these things don't count any more in the world of to-day . END
i am naive , they say , to make use of such words . END
i take this to mean that the intelligent -- and therefore necessarily cynical ? ? END
-- liberal considers that the need for a national economy with controls that will assure his conception of social justice is so great that individual and local liberties as well as democratic processes may have to yield before it . END
this seems like an attitude favoring a sort of totalitarian bureaucracy which , under a president of the same stamp , would try to UNK an UNK congress or supreme court . END
as for states' rights , they have never counted in the thinking of my liberal friends except as UNK of a minor and immoral nature which exist now only as UNK . END
the american liberal may , in the world of to-day , have a strong case ; ; END
but he presents it publicly so UNK in hypocrisy that it is not an honest one . END
why , in the first place , call himself a liberal if he is against laissez-faire and favors an authoritarian central government with UNK controls over everybody ? ? END
if he UNK little importance to personal liberty , why not make this known to the world ? ? END
and if he is so scornful of the rights of states , why not advocate a different sort of constitution that he could more sincerely support ? ? END
i am concerned here , however , with the northern UNK attitude toward the south . END
it appears to be one of intense dislike , which he makes little effort to conceal even in the presence of southern friends . END
his assumption seems to be that any such friends , being UNK humans , must be more liberal than most southerners and therefore at least partly in sympathy with his views . END
UNK editor , thomas griffith , in his book , the UNK culture , wrote : `` most of what was different about it ( the deep south ) i found myself UNK to . END
'' this , for the liberals i know , would be an understatement . END
theirs is no mere lack of sympathy , but something closer to the passionate hatred that was directed against UNK . END
i do not think that my experience would be typical for southerners living in the north . END
in business circles , usually conservative , this sort of atmosphere would hardly be found . END
but in our case -- and neither my wife nor i have extreme views on integration , nor are we given to emotional outbursts -- the situation has ruined one or two valued friendships and come close to wrecking several more . END
in fact it has caused us to give serious thought to moving our residence south , because it is not easy for the most objective southerner to sit calmly by when his host is telling a UNK of people that the only way to deal with southerners who oppose integration is to send in troops and shoot the bastards down . END
accounts have been published of northern liberals in the south up against UNK prejudice , especially in UNK universities where pressure may be strong to uphold the majority view . END
but these accounts do not show that northerners have been subjected to embarrassment or provocation by UNK displayed in social gatherings . END
from my wife's experience and other sources , this seems to be rarely encountered in educated circles . END
the strong feeling is certainly there ; ; END
but there is a UNK of liberalism among college graduates throughout the south , especially among those who studied in the north . END
and social relations arising out of business ties impose courtesy , if not sympathy , toward resident and visiting northerners . END
also , among the latter a large percentage soon acquire the prevalent southern attitude on most social problems . END
there are of course many UNK ; ; END
but for this discussion the most important division is between those who have been UNK and those who haven't . END
my definition of this much abused UNK is that a UNK rebel is one who is glad that the north won the war . END
nobody knows how many southerners there are in this category . END
i suspect that there are far more unreconstructed ones than the north likes to believe . END
i never heard of a poll being taken on the question . END
no doubt such a thing would be considered UNK . END
prior to 1954 i imagine that a majority of southerners would have voted against the confederacy . END
since the supreme court's decision of that year this is more doubtful ; ; END
and if a poll had been taken immediately following the dispatch of troops to little rock i believe the majority would have been for the old south . END
belief in the traditional way of life persists much more in the older states than in the new ones . END
probably a larger percentage of UNK and south UNK remain unreconstructed than elsewhere , with georgia , north carolina , and alabama following along after them . END
old attitudes are held more UNK in the UNK than the UNK ; ; END
so that a line running down the length of the south marking the upper limits of UNK would roughly divide the old south from the new , but with , of course , important minority UNK . END
the UNK areas of states like virginia and south carolina developed the UNK culture to its richest flowering , and there the memory is more precious , and the consciousness of loss the greater . END
also , we should not even to-day discount the fact that a region such as the coastal UNK centering on UNK had closer ties with england and the west indies than with the north even after independence . END
the social and psychological consequences of this continue to affect the area . END
in certain respects defeat increased the persistent UNK of the old south . END
poor where they had once been rich , UNK where they had been UNK , having no longer any hope of sharing in the leadership of the nation , the rebels who would not surrender in spirit drew comfort from the sympathy they felt extended to them by the mother country . END
and no doubt many people in states like the UNK and georgia , which were among the most tory in sentiment in the eighteenth century , bitterly regretted the revolt against the crown . END
among bourbons the racial issue may have less to do with their remaining unreconstructed than other factors . END
all southerners agree that slavery had to go ; ; END
but many historians maintain that except for northern meddling it would have ended in states like virginia years before it did . END
southern resentment has been over the method of its ending , the invasion , and reconstruction ; ; END
their fears now are of UNK and negro political control in many counties . END
but apart from racial problems , the old unreconstructed south -- to use the moderate words favored by mr. thomas griffith -- finds itself UNK to most of what is different about the civilization of the north . END
and this , in effect , means most of modern america . END
it is hard to see how the situation could be otherwise . END
and therein , i feel , many northerners UNK themselves about the south . END
for one thing , this is not a subject often discussed or analyzed . END
there seems to be almost a conspiracy of silence UNK it . END
i suppose the reason is a kind of wishful thinking : don't talk about the final stages of reconstruction and they will take care of themselves . END
or else the north really believes that all southerners except a few quaint old characters have come around to realizing the errors of their past , and are now at heart UNK of the american dream , like everybody else . END
if the circumstances are faced frankly it is not reasonable to expect this to be true . END
the situation of the south since 1865 has been unique in the western world . END
regardless of rights and wrongs , a population and an area appropriate to a UNK 1 great power have been , following conquest , ruled against their will by a neighboring people , and have had imposed upon them social and economic controls they dislike . END
and the great majority of these people are of anglo-saxon or celtic descent . END
this is the only case in modern history of a people of UNK origin submitting without continued struggle to what they view as foreign domination . END
the fact is due mainly to international wars , both hot and cold . END
in every war of the united states since the civil war the south was more belligerent than the rest of the country . END
so instead of being tests of the south's loyalty , the spanish war , the two world wars , and the korean war all served to overcome old UNK and cement reunion . END
and there is no section of the nation more ardent than the south in the cold war against communism . END
had the situation been reversed , had , for instance , england been the enemy in 1898 because of issues of concern chiefly to new england , there is little doubt that large numbers of southerners would have happily put on their old confederate uniforms to fight as allies of britain . END
it is extraordinary that a people as proud and warlike as southerners should have been as docile as they have . END
the north should thank its stars that such has been the case ; ; END
but at the same time it should not draw false inferences therefrom . END
the two main charges UNK against the bourbons by liberals is that they are UNK and social UNK . END
there is much truth in both these charges , and not many bourbons deny them . END
whatever their faults , they are not UNK . END
most of them sincerely believe that the anglo-saxon is the best race in the world and that it should remain pure . END
many UNK believe this , too , but few of them will say so publicly . END
the bourbon economic philosophy , moreover , is not very different from that of northern conservatives . END
but those among the bourbons who remain unreconstructed go much further than this . END
they believe that if the south had been let alone it would have produced a civilization superior to that of modern america . END
as it is , they consider that the north is now UNK the fruits of excess UNK , that in spite of its high standard of living the `` american way '' has been proved inferior to the english and UNK ways , although they disapprove of the UNK features of the latter . END
the south's antipathy to northern civilization includes such charges as poor manners , harsh accents , lack of appreciation of the arts of living like UNK and the use of leisure . END
their own easier , slower tempo is especially dear to southerners ; ; END
and i have heard many say that they are content to earn a half or a third as much as they could up north because they so much prefer the quieter habits of their home town . END
in the past , the duties of the state , as sir henry maine noted long ago , were only two in number : internal order and external security . END
by prevailing over other claimants for the UNK of men , the nation-state maintained an adequate measure of certainty and order within its territorial borders . END
outside those limits it asserted , as against other states , a position of sovereign equality , and , as against the `` inferior '' peoples of the UNK world , a position of dominance . END
it became the sole `` subject '' of `` international law '' ( a term which , it is pertinent to remember , was UNK by UNK ) , a body of legal principle which by and large was made up of what western nations could do in the world arena . END
( that corpus of law was a reflection of the power system in existence during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries . END
speaking generally , it UNK -- and still tends to further -- the interests of the western powers . END
the enormous changes in world politics have , however , thrown it into confusion , so much so that it is safe to say that all international law is now in need of UNK and clarification in light of the social conditions of the present era . END
beyond the two basic tasks mentioned above , no attention was paid by statesman or scholar to an idea of state responsibility , either internally or UNK . END
this was particularly true in the world arena , which was an UNK UNK characterized by strife and UNK competition for colonial empires . END
that any sort of duty was owed by his nation to other nations would have astonished a nineteenth-century statesman . END
his duty was to his sovereign and to his nation , and an extension to peoples beyond the territorial boundaries was not to be contemplated . END
thus , to cite but one example , the UNK UNK of the nineteenth century , whether with the british navy ruling the seas or with the city of london ruling world finance , was strictly national in motivation , however much other nations ( e.g. , the united states ) may have incidentally UNK . END
at the same time , all suggestions that some sort of societal responsibility existed for the welfare of the people within the territorial state was strongly resisted . END
social UNK was able to UNK off the incipient socialist movement until well into the present century . END
however , in recent decades , for what doubtless are multiple reasons , an UNK but nonetheless readily UNK shift has occurred in both facets of national activity . END
a concept of responsibility is in process of UNK and establishment . END
already firmly UNK internally , it is a growing factor in external matters . END
a little more than twenty years ago the american people turned an important corner . END
in what has aptly been called a `` constitutional revolution '' , the basic nature of government was transformed from one essentially negative in nature ( the `` UNK state '' ) to one with affirmative duties to perform . END
the `` positive state '' came into existence . END
for lawyers , reflecting perhaps their parochial preferences , there has been a special fascination since then in the role played by the supreme court in that transformation -- the manner in which its decisions altered in `` the switch in time that saved nine '' , president roosevelt's ill-starred but in effect UNK `` UNK plan '' , the UNK of judicial approval that was finally placed upon social legislation . END
of greater importance , however , is the content of those programs , which have had and are having enormous consequences for the american people . END
labor relations have been transformed , income security has become a standardized feature of political platforms , and all the many facets of the american version of the welfare state have become part of the conventional wisdom . END
a national consensus of near unanimity exists that these governmental efforts are desirable as well as necessary . END
ratified in the republican party victory in 1952 , the positive state is now evidenced by political campaigns being waged not on whether but on how much social legislation there should be . END
the general acceptance of the idea of governmental ( i.e. , societal ) responsibility for the economic well-being of the american people is surely one of the two most significant watersheds in american constitutional history . END
the other , of course , was the civil war , the conflict which a century ago insured national unity over fragmentation . END
a third , one of at least equal and perhaps even greater importance , is now being traversed : american UNK and involvement in world affairs . END
internal national responsibility , now a UNK , need not be documented . END
nevertheless , it may be helpful to cite one example -- that of employment -- for , as will be shown below , it cuts across both facets of the new concept . END
thirty years ago , while the nation was UNK in economic depression , the prevailing philosophy of government was to stand aside and allow `` natural forces '' to operate and cure the distress . END
that guiding principle of the hoover administration fell to the siege guns of the new deal ; ; END
less than a score of years later congress enacted the employment act of 1946 , by which the national government assumed the responsibility of taking action to insure conditions of maximum employment . END
UNK the economy was replaced by conscious guidance through planning -- the economic side of the constitutional revolution . END
in 1961 the first important legislative victory of the kennedy administration came when the principle of national responsibility for local economic distress won out over a `` UNK '' proposal -- provision was made for payment for unemployment relief by UNK taxation rather than by a levy only on those states afflicted with manpower surplus . END
the american people have indeed come a long way in the brief interval between 1930 and 1961 . END
internal national responsibility is a societal response to the impact of the industrial revolution . END
reduced to its simplest terms , it is an assumption of a collective duty to UNK for the inability of individuals to cope with the rigors of the era . END
national responsibility for individual welfare is a concept not limited to the united states or even to the western nations . END
a measure of its widespread acceptance may be derived from a statement of the international congress of jurists in 1959 . END
meeting in new delhi under the auspices of the international commission of jurists , a body of lawyers from the free world , the congress UNK and expanded the traditional rule of law to include affirmative governmental duties . END
it is noteworthy that the majority of the delegates to the congress were from the less developed , former colonial nations . END
the rule of law , historically a principle according everyone his `` day in court '' before an impartial tribunal , was broadened UNK by making it a responsibility of government to promote individual welfare . END
recognizing that the rule of law is `` a dynamic concept which should be employed not only to safeguard the civil and political rights of the individual in a free society '' , the congress asserted that it also included the responsibility `` to establish social , economic , educational and cultural conditions under which his legitimate aspirations and dignity may be realized '' . END
the idea of national responsibility thus has become a common feature of the nations of the UNK world . END
for better or for worse , we all now live in welfare states , the organizing principle of which is collective responsibility for individual well-being . END
whether a concept analogous to the principle of internal responsibility operates in a nation's external relations is less obvious and more difficult to establish . END
the hypothesis ventured here is that it does , and that evidence is UNK UNK that proposition . END
the content is not the same , however : rather than individual security , it is the security and continuing existence of an `` ideological group '' -- those in the `` free world '' -- that is basic . END
external national responsibility involves a burgeoning requirement that the leaders of the western nations so guide their decisions as to further the UNK of other friendly nations . END
if internal responsibility suggests acceptance of the socialist ideal of equality , then external responsibility implies adherence to principles of ideological UNK . END
reference to two other concepts -- nationalism and sovereignty -- may help to reveal the contours of the new principle . END
in its beginnings the nation-state had to struggle to assert itself -- internally , against feudal groups , and UNK , against the power and influence of such other claimants for loyalty as the church . END
the UNK of the holy roman empire and the downfall of UNK led , not more than two centuries ago , to the surge of nationalism . END
( since the UNK of the nation-state coincides roughly with the separate existence of the united states as an independent entity , it is perhaps natural for americans to think of the nation as representative of the highest form of order , something permanent and UNK . END
) the concept of nationalism is the political principle that UNK and UNK the territorial state as the characteristic type of UNK structure . END
but it is more than that . END
for it includes the emotional ties that bind men to their homeland and the complex motivations that hold a large group of people together as a unit . END
today , as new nations rise from the former colonial empires , nationalism is one of the hurricane forces loose in the world . END
almost UNK in intensity , the principle has become UNK in application -- unfortunately at the very time that nationalist UNK can UNK greatest harm . END
historically , however , the concept is one that has been of marked benefit to the people of the western civilizational group . END
by UNK disparate lesser groups the nation has , to some degree at least , broadened the capacity for individual liberty . END
within their confines , moreover , technological and industrial growth has proceeded at an accelerated pace , thus increasing the UNK from which material wants can be satisfied . END
while the pattern is uneven , some having gained more than others , nationalism has in fact served the western peoples well . END
( whether historical nationalism helped the peoples of the remainder of the world , and whether today's nationalism in the former colonial areas has equally beneficial aspects , are other questions . END
it is one of the ironic UNK of history that the UNK and usefulness of nationalism and the territorial state are rapidly UNK at precisely the time that the nation-state attained its highest number ( approximately 100 ) . END
but it is more than irony : one of the main reasons why nationalism is no longer a tenable concept is because it has spread throughout the planet . END
in other words , nationalism worked well enough when it had limited application , both as to geography and as to population ; ; END
it becomes a perilous UNK when adopted on a world-wide basis . END
UNK the political principle of nationalism is the legal principle of sovereignty . END
the former receives its UNK from the latter . END
operating side by side , together they helped shore up the nation-state . END
while sovereignty has roots in UNK , in its present usage it is essentially modern . END
jean UNK , writing in the sixteenth century , may have been the UNK thinker , but it was the vastly influential john austin who set out the main lines of the concept as now understood . END
UNK nineteenth-century view of law and sovereignty still dominates much of today's legal and political thinking . END
to him , law is the command of the sovereign ( the english UNK ) who UNK the power of the nation , while sovereignty is the power to make law -- i.e. , to prevail over internal groups and to be free from the commands of other UNK in other nations . END
these fundamental ideas -- the UNK of sovereignty and its dual ( UNK ) aspects -- still remain the core of that concept of ultimate political power . END
the nation-state , then , UNK the principle of nationalism and exercises sovereignty : supreme power over domestic affairs and independence from outside control . END
in fact , however , both principles have always been UNK and loosely defined . END
high-level abstractions are always difficult to pin down with precision . END
that is particularly true of sovereignty when it is applied to democratic societies , in which `` popular '' sovereignty is said to exist , and in federal nations , in which the jobs of government are split . END
nevertheless , nationalism and sovereignty are reputed , in the accepted wisdom , to describe the modern world . END
is there a different reality behind the facade ? ? END
does the surface hide a quite different picture ? ? END
the short answer to those questions is `` yes '' . END
both concepts are undergoing alteration ; ; END
to some degree they are being UNK by a concept of national responsibility . END
as evidence to support that view , consider the following illustrative instances . END
can UNK war be set off by accident ? ? END
what steps have been taken to guard against the one sort of mishap that could trigger the destruction of continents ? ? END
are we as safe as we should be from such a disaster ? ? END
is anything being done to increase our margin of safety ? ? END
will the danger increase or decrease ? ? END
i have just asked these questions in the pentagon , in the white house , in offices of key scientists across the country and aboard the submarines that UNK for months underwater , with neat rows of green launch tubes which contain polaris missiles and which are UNK known as `` UNK forest '' . END
i asked the same questions inside the UNK rooms of an atlas missile base in wyoming , where officers who wear UNK are UNK the `` commit buttons '' that could start a war -- accidentally or by design -- and in the command centers where other UNK men could give orders to push such buttons . END
to the men in the UNK bomber UNK , submarine UNK and the antiseptic , UNK rooms that would be the UNK of UNK impersonal intercontinental wars , the questions seem UNK . END
there is UNK pressure , but its sources are immediate . END
`` readiness exercises '' are almost continuous . END
each could be the real thing . END
in the command centers there are special clocks ready to UNK off the minutes elapsed since `` e hour '' . END
`` e '' stands for `` execution '' -- the moment a `` go order '' would UNK an american nuclear strike . END
there is little time for the men in the command centers to reflect about the implications of these clocks . END
they are preoccupied riding herd on control panels , switches , flashing colored lights on pale green or gray consoles that look like business machines . END
they know little about their machinery beyond mechanical details . END
accidental war is so sensitive a subject that most of the people who could become directly involved in one are told just enough so they can perform their portions of incredibly complex tasks . END
among the policy makers , generals , UNK , psychologists and others charged with controlling the actions of the button UNK and their `` hardware '' , the answers to my questions varied partly according to a man's flair for what the professionals in this field call `` UNK '' . END
as an air force psychiatrist put it : `` you can't have dry runs on this one '' . END
the experts are thus forced to UNK sequences of events that have never occurred , probably never will -- but possibly might . END
only one rule prevailed in my conversations with these men : the more highly placed they are -- that is , the more they know -- the more concerned they have become . END
already accidental war is a silent guest at the discussions within the kennedy administration about the urgency of disarmament and nearly all other questions of national security . END
only recently new `` holes '' were discovered in our safety measures , and a search is now on for more . END
work is under way to see whether new restraining devices should be installed on all nuclear weapons . END
meanwhile , the experts speak of wars triggered by `` false UNK '' , `` escalation '' , `` UNK behavior '' and other terms that will be discussed in this report . END
they UNK a secret world centered on `` go codes '' and `` gold phones '' . END
their conversations were , almost invariably , accompanied by the same gestures -- arms and pointed UNK UNK toward each other in UNK UNK motions . END
one arm represented our bombers and missiles , the other arm `` theirs '' . END
yet implicit in each movement was the death of millions , perhaps hundreds of millions , perhaps you and me -- and the experts . END
these men are not callous . END
it is their job to think about the UNK . END
unanimously they believe that the world would become a safer place if more of us -- and more russians and communist chinese , too -- thought about accidental war . END
the first systematic thinking about this UNK box within UNK boxes was done four years ago by fred UNK , a frail , UNK UNK UNK . END
he was , and is , with the UNK corporation , a UNK pool of thinkers financed by the u.s. air force . END
his investigations made him the paul UNK of accidental war , and safety procedures were enormously increased . END
in recent weeks , as a result of a sweeping defense policy UNK by the kennedy administration , basic united states strategy has been modified -- and large new sums allocated -- to meet the UNK danger and to reduce it as quickly as possible . END
the chain starts at UNK ( ballistic missile early warning system ) in UNK , UNK . END
its radar screens would register soviet missiles shortly after they are launched against the united states . END
UNK intelligence is simultaneously flashed to UNK ( north american air defense command ) in colorado springs , colorado , for interpretation ; ; END
to the sac command and control post , forty-five feet below the ground at UNK air force base , near UNK , nebraska ; ; END
to the joint war room of the joint chiefs of staff in the pentagon and to the president . END
telephones , UNK , several kinds of radio systems and , in some cases , television , link all vital points . END
alternate locations exist for all key command centers . END
for UNK emergencies sac has alternate command posts on UNK jet UNK . END
multiple circuits , UNK and frequencies make the chain as unbreakable as possible . END
the same principle of `` redundancy '' applies to all communications on these special networks . END
and no messages can be transmitted on these circuits until UNK and receivers UNK in advance , by special codes , that the messages actually come from their purported sources . END
additional codes can be used to challenge and UNK the UNK . END
only the president is permitted to authorize the use of nuclear weapons . END
but what if somebody decides to break it ? ? END
the president cannot personally remove the safety devices from every nuclear trigger . END
he makes the momentous decision . END
hundreds of men are required to pass the word to the button UNK and to push the buttons . END
what if one or more of them turn irrational or suddenly , coolly , decide to UNK the russians ? ? END
what if the president himself , in the language of the military , `` goes UNK '' ? ? END
or UNK decided to reverse national policy and hit the soviets without provocation ? ? END
nobody can be absolutely certain of the answers . END
however , the system is designed , UNK and hopefully , so that no one man could initiate a UNK war . END
even the president cannot pick up his telephone and give a `` go '' order . END
even he does not know the one signal for a nuclear strike -- the `` go code '' . END
in an emergency he would receive available intelligence on the `` UNK circuit '' . END
a system of `` gold '' -- actually yellow -- phones UNK him with the offices and action stations of the secretary of defense , the joint chiefs of staff , the sac commander and other key men . END
all can be connected with the gold circuit from their homes . END
all could help the president make his decision . END
the talk would not be in code , but neither would it UNK . END
vital questions would be quickly answered according to a UNK agenda . END
officers who participate in the continual practice drills assured me that the president's decision could be made and announced on the gold circuit within minutes after the first flash from aj . END
if communications work , his decision would be instantly known in all command posts that would originate the actual go order . END
for these centers , too , are on the gold circuit . END
they include the navy's atlantic command at UNK , virginia , which is in contact with the polaris UNK ; ; END
nato headquarters in europe ; ; END
air force forward headquarters in europe and in the pacific , which control tactical fighters on ships and land bases ; ; END
and sac , which controls long-range bombers and atlas missiles . END
let us look in on one of these nerve centers -- sac at UNK -- and see what must still happen before a wing of b-52 bombers could drop their aj . END
in a word , plenty . END
the key man almost certainly would be col. william w. wisman , UNK senior controller . END
he or his deputy or one of their seven assistants , all full UNK , UNK the heart of the command post twenty-four hours a day . END
it is a quiet but impressive room -- UNK feet long , UNK feet wide , twenty-one feet high . END
movable panels of UNK maps and charts are UNK with intelligence information . END
and bill wisman , UNK , a farmer's son from UNK , ohio , is a quiet but impressive man . END
his eyes are steady UNK of the deepest brown . END
his movements and speech are precise , clear and quick . END
no question UNK him or causes him to hesitate . END
wisman , who has had the chief UNK job for four years , calls the signals for a team operating three rows of UNK consoles studded with lights , switches and buttons . END
at least a dozen men , some armed , are never far away from him . END
in front of him is a gold phone . END
in emergencies the sac commander , gen. thomas power , or his deputies and their staff would occupy a balcony that stretches across the length of the room above wisman and his staff . END
at general UNK seat in the balcony there is also a gold phone . END
general power would participate in the decision making . END
wisman , below , would listen in and act . END
his consoles can give him instant contact with more than seventy bases around the world and with every sac aircraft . END
he need only pick up one of the two red telephone receivers at his extreme left , right next to the big red button marked alert . END
( there are two receivers in case one should be dropped and damaged . END
but wisman , too , does not know the go code . END
he must take it from `` the red box '' . END
in point of fact , this is a UNK box with a bright red door , about one and a half feet square and hung from the wall about six feet from the door to wisman's right . END
the box is internally wired so the door can never be opened without setting off a screeching UNK ( `` it's real obnoxious '' ) . END
now we must become vague , for we are approaching one of the nation's most guarded secrets . END
the codes in the red box -- there are several of them covering various contingencies -- are contained in a sealed UNK `` unique device '' . END
they are supplied , a batch at a time , by a secret source and are continually changed by wisman or his staff , at random intervals . END
but even the contents of wisman's box cannot start a war . END
they are mere fragments , just one portion of UNK messages . END
what these fragments are and how they UNK the go order may not be revealed . END
the pieces must be placed in the context of the prepared messages by wisman's staff . END
in addition to the UNK and UNK procedures which UNK and follow the sending of the go messages , again in special codes , each message also contains an `` internal UNK '' , another specific signal to convince the recipient that he is getting the real thing . END
i asked wisman what would happen if he broke out the go codes and tried to start UNK one . END
`` i'd wind up full of bullet holes '' , he said , and there was no question that he was talking about bullets fired by his UNK . END
now let us imagine a wing of UNK , on alert near their `` positive control ( or UNK ) points '' , the spots on the map , many miles from soviet territory , beyond which they are forbidden to fly without specific orders to proceed to their targets . END
they , too , have fragments of the go code with them . END
as wisman put it , `` they have separate pieces of the pie , and we have the whole pie . END
once we send out the whole pie , they can put their pieces into it . END
unless we send out the whole pie , their pieces mean nothing '' . END
why does wisman's ever-changing code always mesh with the fragments in possession of the button UNK ? ? END
the answer is a UNK secret . END
at any rate , three men out of a UNK b-52 crew are required to copy down wisman's UNK message . END
each must match wisman's `` pie '' with the fragment that he carries with him . END
all three must compare notes and agree to `` go '' . END
after that , it requires several minutes of concentrated work , including six separate and deliberate actions by a minimum of three men sitting at three separate stations in a bomber , each with another man beside him to help , for an armed bomb to be released . END
unless all gadgets are properly operated -- and the wires and seals from the handles removed first -- no damage can be done . END
suddenly , however , their posture changed and the game ended . END
they went as rigid as black UNK six figures , lean and tall and angular , went still . END
their heads were in the air UNK . END
they all swung at the same instant in the same direction . END
they saw it before i did , even with my UNK . END
it was nothing more than a tiny distant rain squall , a dull gray sheet which reached from a layer of clouds to the earth . END
in the 360 degrees of horizon it obscured only a degree , no more . END
a white man would not have seen it . END
the aborigines fastened upon it with a concentration beyond UNK . END
watching , they waited until the squall thickened and began to move in a long drifting UNK across the dry burning land . END
at once the whole band set off at a UNK . END
they were UNK a rain cloud . END
they went after the squall as UNK as a wolf pack after an abandoned cow . END
i followed them in the jeep and now they did not care . END
the games were over , this was life . END
occasionally , for no reason that i could see , they would suddenly alter the angle of their trot . END
sometimes i guessed it was because the rain squall had changed direction . END
sometimes it was to skirt a UNK . END
their gait is impossible to convey in words . END
it has nothing of the proud stride of the trained UNK about it , it is not a UNK , it is not done with style or verve . END
it is the gait of the human who must run to live : arms dangling , legs barely swinging over the ground , head hung down and only occasionally swinging up to see the target , a loose motion that is just short of stumbling and yet is wonderfully graceful . END
it is a barely controlled skimming of the ground . END
they ran for three hours . END
finally , avoiding UNK and seeking low ground , they UNK the rain squall . END
for ten minutes they ran beneath the squall , raising their arms and , for the first time , shouting and UNK . END
then the wind died and the rain squall held steady . END
they were studying the ground . END
suddenly one of them shouted , ran a few feet , bent forward and put his mouth to the ground . END
he had found a depression with rain water in it . END
he bent down , a black UNK figure , and put his mouth to the ground . END
with a UNK and generous gesture , the UNK stood up and beckoned to the closest of his fellows . END
the other trotted over and swooped at the tiny UNK . END
in an instant he had sucked it dry . END
the aborigine lives on the UNK land i have ever seen . END
which does not mean that it is ugly . END
part of it is , of course . END
there are thousands of square miles of salt pan which are hideous . END
they are huge areas which have been swept by winds for so many centuries that there is no soil left , but only deep bare ridges fifty or sixty yards apart with UNK between them thirty or forty feet deep and the only thing that moves is a UNK layer of sand . END
such stretches have an inhuman UNK quality . END
but much of the land which the aborigine UNK looks as if it should be hospitable . END
it is softened by the UNK and the UNK , has a peaceful quality , the hills roll softly . END
the UNK of such a landscape has been beautifully described by the australian charles bean . END
he tells of three men who started out on a trip across a single UNK , a UNK square owned by a sheep UNK . END
they went UNK with everything except knowledge of the `` UNK '' country . END
the countryside looked like a beautiful open park with gentle slopes and soft gray UNK . END
nothing appalling or horrible rushed upon these men . END
only there happened -- nothing . END
there might have been a pool of cool water behind any of these UNK : only -- there was not . END
it might have rained , any time ; ; END
only -- it did not . END
there might have been a fence or a house just over the next rise ; ; END
only -- there was not . END
they lay , with the birds hopping from branch to branch above them and the bright sky UNK down at them . END
no one came '' . END
the white men died . END
and countless others like them have died . END
even today range riders will come upon UNK bodies of men who attempted nothing more difficult than a UNK hike and slowly lost direction , were tortured by the heat , driven mad by the constant and UNK promise of the landscape , and who finally died . END
the aborigine is not deceived ; ; END
he knows that the land is hard and UNK . END
he knows that the economy of life in the `` UNK '' is awful . END
there is no room for error or waste . END
any organism that UNK or UNK the signals or UNK is done . END
i do not know if such a way of life can come to be a self-conscious challenge , but i suspect that it can . END
perhaps this is what gives the aborigine his odd air of dignity . END
the family at the boulder END
seeing an aborigine today is a difficult thing . END
many of them have drifted into the cities and towns and UNK . END
others are confined to vast reservations , and not only does the australian government justifiably not wish them to be viewed as exhibits in a zoo , but on their reservations they are extremely UNK , UNK camps , coming together only for UNK at which their strange culture comes to its highest pitch -- which is very low indeed . END
i persuaded an australian friend who had lived `` UNK '' for years to take me to see some aborigines living in the bush . END
it was a difficult and ambiguous kind of negotiation , even though the rancher was said to be expert in his knowledge of the aborigines and their language . END
finally , however , the arrangements were made and we drove out into the bush in a land rover . END
we followed the UNK road for a few miles and then swung off onto a smaller road which was nothing more than two tire marks on the earth . END
the rancher went a mile down this road and then , when he reached a big red boulder , swung off the road . END
at once he started to glance toward the instrument panel . END
it took me a moment to realize what was odd about that panel : there was a UNK compass UNK to it , which rocked gently back and forth as the land rover bounced about . END
the rancher was UNK his way across the UNK . END
`` do you always UNK like this '' ? ? END
`` damned right '' , he said . END
`` once i get out on the flat i do . END
some UNK that know an area well can make their way by landmarks , a tree here , a wash here , a boulder there . END
but if you don't know the place like the palm of your hand , you'd better use a compass and the UNK . END
two miles northeast , then five miles southwest that sort of thing . END
the landscape kept repeating itself . END
i would try to UNK landmarks and saw in a half-hour that it was hopeless . END
finally we approached the bivouac of the aborigines . END
they were UNK beside a large UNK boulder : a man , his UNK , and two children . END
the sun was not yet high and all of them were in the small area of shade cast by the boulder . END
there was also a dog , a UNK dog . END
its ribs showed , it was a yellow nondescript color , it suffered from a variety of UNK , hair had UNK off its body in patches . END
it lay with its head on its UNK and only its eyes moving , watching us carefully . END
it struck me as a very bright and very UNK dog . END
no one patted the dog . END
it was not a pet . END
it was a worker . END
`` the UNK love shade '' , the rancher said . END
`` i suppose because it saves them some loss of body water . END
they'll move around that rock all day , following the shade . END
during the hottest part of the day , of course , the sun comes straight down and there isn't any shade '' . END
we drove close to the boulder , stopped the land rover , and walked over toward the family . END
the man was leaning against the rock . END
he gazed away from us as we approached . END
he was over six feet tall and very thin . END
his legs were narrow and very long . END
every bone and muscle in his body showed , but he did not give the appearance of starving . END
he had long black hair and a UNK beard . END
the ridges over his eyes were huge and his eyelids were half shut . END
there was something about his face that disturbed me and it took several seconds to realize what . END
it was not merely that flies were crawling over his face but his narrowed eyelids did not blink when the flies crawled into his eye UNK . END
a fly would crawl down the UNK forehead , into the UNK of the eye , walk along the man's UNK and across the wet surface of the UNK , and the eye did not blink . END
the australian and i both were wearing insect UNK and were not badly bothered by insects , but my eyes watered as we stood watching the aborigine . END
i turned to look at the UNK . END
she remained squatting on her heels all the time we were there ; ; END
like the man , she was entirely naked . END
her long thin arms moved in a slow UNK gesture over the family possessions which were placed in front of her . END
there were two rubbing sticks for making fire , two stones shaped roughly like knives , a UNK container which held a few pounds of dried worms and the dead body of some UNK . END
there was also a long wooden spear and a UNK , a UNK device which gives the spear an enormous velocity and high accuracy . END
there was also a UNK , elaborately carved . END
everything was UNK with sweat and grease so that all of the objects seemed to have been carved from the same material and to be UNK . END
the two children , both boys , wandered around the australian and me for a few moments and then returned to their work . END
they squatted on their heels with their heads bent far forward , their eyes only a few inches from the ground . END
they had located the runway of a colony of ants and as the ants came out of the ground , the boys picked them up , one at a time , and pinched them dead . END
the tiny bodies , dropped onto a dry leaf , made a pile as big as a small apple . END
the odor here was more powerful than that which surrounded the town aborigines . END
the smell at first was more surprising than unpleasant . END
it was also subtly familiar , for it was the odor of the human body , but multiplied innumerable times because of the fact that the aborigines never bathed . END
one's impulse is to say that the smell was a UNK and unpleasant . END
but that is a cliche and a UNK one . END
the smell is sexual , but so powerfully so that a civilized nose must deny it . END
their skin was covered with a thin coating of sweat and dirt which had almost the consistency of a second skin . END
they roll at night in ashes to keep warm and their second skin has a light dusty cast to it . END
in spots such as the elbows and knees the second skin is worn off and i realized the aborigines were much UNK than they appeared ; ; END
as if the coating of sweat , dirt , and ashes were a UNK . END
the boys had beautiful dark eyes and unlike their father they brushed constantly at the flies and blinked their eyes . END
`` that smell is something , eh , mate '' ? ? END
`` they swear that every person smells different and every family smells different from every other . END
at the UNK , when they get to dancing and UNK , you'll see them rubbing up against a man who's supposed to have a specially good smell . END
UNK , here '' , and he nodded at the man , `` is said to have great odor . END
the UNK is all the same to me , but i really think they can make one another out UNK '' . END
`` here , UNK , you fella like UNK '' ? ? END
UNK still stared over our shoulders at the horizon . END
the australian stopped trying to talk a UNK i could understand , and spoke strange words from deep in his chest . END
it was a fortunate time in which to build , for the seventeenth century was a great period in persian art . END
the architects , the tile and carpet makers , the potters , painters , UNK , and UNK worked through UNK reign and those of his successors to enrich the city . END
travelers entering from the desert were UNK by what must have seemed an illusion : a great garden filled with UNK and roses , cut by UNK and UNK UNK , studded with water tanks of UNK tile in which were reflected the glistening blue curves of a hundred domes . END
at the heart of all of this was the square , which one such traveler declared to be `` as spacious , as pleasant and UNK a market as any in the universe '' . END
in time isfahan came to be known as `` half the world '' , isfahan UNK . END
in the early eighteenth century this fantastic city , then the size of london , started to decline . END
the UNK invaded ; ; END
the UNK fell from power ; ; END
the capital went elsewhere ; ; END
isfahan became more of a legend than a place , and now it is for many people simply a name to which they attach their notions of old persia and sometimes of the east . END
they think of it as a kind of UNK museum in which they may half see and half imagine the old splendor . END
those who actually get there find that it isn't UNK at all but as brilliant as a tile in sunlight . END
but even for them it remains a museum , or perhaps it would be more accurate to say a tomb , a tomb in which persia lies well preserved but indeed dead . END
everyone is ready to grant the persians their history , but almost no one is willing to acknowledge their present . END
it seems that for persia , and especially for this city , there are only two times : the glorious past and the corrupt , depressing , sterile present . END
the one apparent connection between the two is a score of buildings which somehow or other have survived and which naturally enough are called `` historical monuments '' . END
however , just as all the buildings have not fallen and flowed back to their original mud , so the values which wanted them and saw that they were built have not all disappeared . END
the values and talents which made the tile and the dome , the rug , the poem and the miniature , continue in certain social institutions which rise above the ordinary life of this city , as the great buildings rise above blank walls and dirty lanes . END
often , too , the social institutions are housed in these UNK and palaces and bridges , for these great structures are not simply `` historical monuments '' ; ; END
they are the places where persians live . END
the UNK , for example , continues to take place on the UNK UNK , a UNK garden of plane and UNK trees that now serves as the city's principal street . END
it takes place as well along the terraces and through the UNK of the UNK bridge , and also in the gardens of the square . END
on UNK , the day when many persians relax with poetry , talk , and a UNK , people do not , it is true , stream into UNK UNK -- a pavilion and garden built by UNK UNK 2 , in the seventeenth century -- but they do retire into hundreds of UNK throughout the city and up the river valley , which are smaller , more humble copies of the former . END
and of course religious life continues to center in the more famous UNK , and commercial life -- very much a social institution -- in the bazaar . END
those three other great activities of the persians , the bath , the UNK , and the UNK UNK ( the latter a kind of club in which a leader and a group of men in an UNK pit move through a rite of calisthenics , dance , chanted poetry , and music ) , do not take place in buildings to which entrance tickets are sold , but some of them occupy splendid examples of persian domestic architecture : long , UNK , UNK rooms with UNK of UNK tile , their end walls cut through to the orchards and the sky by open arches . END
but more important , and the thing which the casual traveler and the blind UNK often do not see , is that these places and activities are often the settings in which persians exercise their extraordinary aesthetic sensibilities . END
water , air , fruit , poetry , music , the human form -- these things are important to persians , and they experience them with an intense and discriminating awareness . END
i should like , by the way , to make it clear that i am not using the word `` persians '' UNK . END
i don't mean a few UNK who play about with sensations , like a young prince in a miniature UNK his hand in a pool . END
these things are important to almost all persians and perhaps most important to the most ordinary . END
the men crying love poems in an UNK on any summer's night are as often as not the UNK , UNK UNK who spend most of their lives in and out of the local UNK , UNK , and UNK . END
a few months ago it was a fairly typical landlord who in the dead of night lugged me up a mountainside to drink from a spring famous in the neighborhood for its clarity and flavor . END
not long ago an acquaintance , a UNK water rat of a lad up from the UNK of the city , stood on the balcony UNK his first cigarette in weeks . END
the air , he said , was just right ; ; END
a cigarette would taste particularly good . END
i really didn't know what he meant . END
it was a nice day , granted . END
but he knew ; ; END
he sniffed the air and licked it on his lip and knew as a UNK knows a UNK . END
the natural world then , plus poetry and some kinds of art , receives from the most ordinary of persians a great deal of attention . END
the line of an eyebrow , the color of the skin , a UNK from UNK , the purity of spring water , the long afternoon among the boughs which crowd the upper story of a pavilion -- these things are noticed , judged , and valued . END
nowhere in isfahan is this rich aesthetic life of the persians shown so well as during the UNK at the UNK bridge . END
there has probably always been a bridge of some sort at the southeastern corner of the city . END
for one thing , there is a natural belt of rock across the river bed ; ; END
for another , it was here that one of the old caravan routes came in . END
it was to provide a safe and spacious crossing for these UNK , and also to make a UNK for the city , that UNK UNK 2 , in about UNK built , of UNK brick , tile , and stone , the present bridge . END
it is a splendid structure . END
from upstream it looks like a long UNK box laid across the river ; ; END
from downstream , where the water level is much lower , it is a high , elaborately UNK pavilion . END
the top story contains more than thirty alcoves separated from each other by UNK of blue and yellow tile . END
at either end and in the center there are UNK which contain nine greater alcoves as UNK and UNK as church UNK . END
here , in the old days -- when they had come to see the moon or displays of fireworks -- sat the king and his court while priests , soldiers , and other members of the party UNK in the smaller alcoves between . END
below , twenty vaults tunnel through the UNK of the bridge . END
these are traversed by another line of vaults , and thus rooms , arched on all four sides , are formed . END
down through the axis of the bridge there is a long diminishing UNK like a visual echo of piers and arches , while the vaults UNK upstream and down frame the sunset and sunrise , the mountains and river pools . END
here , on the hottest day , it is cool beneath the stone and fresh from the water flowing in the UNK at the bottom of the vaults . END
on the downstream , or `` pavilion '' , side these vaults give out onto terraces twice as wide as the bridge itself . END
from the terraces -- eighteen in all -- broad flights of steps descend into the water or onto still more terraces barely above the level of the river . END
out of water , brick , and tile they have made far more than just a bridge . END
on spring and summer evenings people leave their shops and houses and walk up through the lanes of the city to the bridge . END
it is a great spectacle . END
the bridge itself rises up from the river , UNK and enormous , like the outdoor set for an epic opera . END
crowds press along the terraces , down the steps , in and out of the UNK , UNK against it as though it were a fortress under siege . END
all kinds come to walk in the UNK : merchants from the bazaar UNK over a deal ; ; END
a UNK UNK in a cap and UNK jacket ; ; END
UNK who stand with the stillness of the blind , their eyes filmed with UNK and visions ; ; END
the old UNK UNK arriving in their ancient UNK ; ; END
students , civil servants , UNK , musicians , UNK , and UNK . END
families go out to the edge of the terraces to sit on carpets around a UNK . END
below , people line the steps , as though on bleachers , to watch the sky and river . END
above , in the tiled UNK of the alcoves , boys sing the UNK of UNK and UNK , while at the very bottom , in the vaults , the UNK and blades of the city hoot and bang their drums , drink UNK , play dice , and dance . END
here in an evening persians enjoy many of the things which are important to them : poetry , water , the moon , a beautiful face . END
to a stranger their delight in these things may seem UNK , for persians chase the golden calf as much as any people . END
many of them , moreover , are beginning to complain about the UNK of western UNK and to ridicule the old life of the bazaar merchant , the UNK , and the peasant . END
nonetheless , they take time out -- much time -- from the game of grab and these new western experiments to go to the gardens and UNK . END
above all , they will stop in the middle of anything , anywhere , to hear or quote some poetry . END
poetry in persian life is far more than a common ground on which -- in a society deeply UNK by UNK -- all may stand . END
it contains , in fact , their whole outlook on life . END
and it is expressed , at least to their taste , in a perfect form . END
poetry for a persian is nothing less than truth and beauty . END
in most western cultures today these twins have been sent away to the libraries and museums . END
in persia , where practically speaking there are no museums or libraries or , for that matter , hardly any books , the twins run free . END
it is perhaps difficult to conceive , but imagine that tonight on london bridge the teddy boys of the east end will gather to sing marlowe , UNK , shakespeare , and perhaps some lyrics of their own . END
that , at any rate , is what happens at the UNK bridge . END
boys and men go along the UNK or to the alcoves in the top UNK . END
here in these little rooms -- or stages arched open to the sky and river -- they choose a few lines out of the hundreds they may know and sing them according to one of the modes into which persian music is divided . END
each mode is believed to have a specific attribute -- one inducing pleasure , another generosity , another love , and so on , to include all of the emotions . END
the singer simply matches the poem to a mode ; ; END
for example , the mode of bravery to this anonymous folk poem : `` they brought me news that spring is in the plains and UNK blood the crimson tulip stains ; ; END
go , tell his aged mother that her son fought with a thousand foes , and he was one '' . END
or the mode of love to this fragment by a recent poet : `` know ye , fair folk who dwell on earth or shall hereafter come to birth , that here , with dust upon his eyes , UNK , the UNK singer , lies . END
in this true UNK tomb UNK a world of love lies UNK . END
these songs ( practically all persian music , for that matter ) are limited to a range of two UNK . END
yet within this limitation there is an astonishing variety : design as intricate as that in the carpet or miniature , with the melodic line like the painted or woven line often flowing into an UNK . END
die UNK UNK um , UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK , the maestro quoted the flying UNK , as he told of his career and UNK , explaining that the number seven had significantly UNK in his life several times . END
the music director of the pittsburgh symphony orchestra , william steinberg , has molded his group into a prominent musical organization , which is his life . END
when he added to his pittsburgh commitments the UNK of the london philharmonic orchestra in 1958 , he conducted one hundred fifty concerts within nine months , `` commuting '' between the two cities . END
this schedule became too strenuous , even for the energetic and conscientious mr. steinberg . END
his london contract was UNK , and now , he explains cheerfully , as a bright smile UNK his intense , mobile face , `` i conduct only one hundred and twenty concerts '' ! ! END
our meeting took place in may , 1961 , during one of the UNK UNK in new york , before he left for europe . END
as we began to converse in the lounge of his fifth avenue hotel , his UNK and sensitivity to light and sound became immediately apparent . END
seeking an obscure , dark , relatively quiet corner in the airy room otherwise suffused with afternoon sunshine , he asked if the soft background music could be turned off . END
unfortunately , it was UNK , which automatically is UNK into the public rooms , and which UNK UNK had to be endured . END
as he talked about himself , time and again UNK and dragging on his pipe , steinberg began to relax and the initial hurried feeling grew faint and was dispelled . END
did he come from a musical family ? ? END
yes : though not professional musicians , they were a UNK family . END
in his native cologne , where his mother taught him to play the piano , he was able to read notes before he learned the UNK . END
she even devised a system of colors , whereby the boy could easily distinguish the different note values . END
when he started school at the age of UNK , he could not understand why the UNK begins with the letter a , instead of c , as in the scale . END
because , like many other children , he intensely disliked practicing UNK UNK , he composed his own studies . END
when he was eight he began violin lessons . END
soon he was playing in the cologne municipal orchestra , and during world war 1 , , when musicians were scarce , he joined the opera orchestra as well . END
steinberg claims that these early years of orchestra participation were of invaluable help to his career . END
`` by observing the conductor '' , he says with a UNK in his eyes , `` i learned how not to conduct '' . END
the musician ran away from school when he was fifteen , but this UNK did not save him from the UNK . END
simultaneously , he pursued his musical studies at the UNK , receiving sound training in counterpoint and harmony , as well in the violin and piano . END
his professional career began when he was twenty ; ; END
he became UNK UNK personal assistant at the cologne opera , and a year later was promoted to the position of regular conductor . END
wasn't this an unusually young age to fill such a responsible post ? ? END
yes , the maestro UNK . END
had he always wished to be a conductor ? ? END
no , originally he had hoped to become a concert pianist and had even performed as such . END
however , when he assumed the duties of a conductor , he relinquished his career as a pianist . END
five years were spent with the cologne opera , after which he was called to UNK by alexander von UNK , teacher of arnold UNK and erich UNK . END
in 1927 he succeeded UNK as opera director of the german theater at UNK . END
during his tenure he also fulfilled guest engagements at the berlin state opera . END
two years later he became director of the frankfurt opera , where he remained until he lost this position in 1933 through the rise of the hitler regime . END
during these years the youthful conductor had contributed greatly to the high level of musical life in germany . END
he had presented the first german performances of UNK UNK UNK and de UNK la UNK UNK . END
the frankfurt years were particularly noteworthy for his performance of UNK UNK soon after the berlin premiere under erich UNK , and the world premiere of UNK von UNK UNK UNK . END
at the outset of his career , steinberg had dedicated himself to the advancement of contemporary music by UNK to do a UNK work every year . END
in frankfurt , too , he directed the museum and opera house concerts which , in addition to the standard UNK , featured novelties like UNK piano concerto and mahler's sixth symphony . END
because of the political UNK in germany in the 1930's , steinberg was forced to restrict his activities to the jewish community . END
through the frankfurt jewish kulturbund he began to give sonata UNK in UNK , with UNK UNK UNK . END
as more and more jewish musicians lost their jobs with professional organizations steinberg united them into the frankfurt kulturbund orchestra , which also gave guest performances in other german cities . END
in 1936 he accepted the leadership of the berlin kulturbund . END
in the fall of that year the best musicians of the berlin and frankfurt kulturbund orchestras joined under the combined efforts of UNK UNK and steinberg to become the palestine orchestra -- now known as the israel philharmonic orchestra -- with steinberg as UNK . END
in 1938 , at the insistence of UNK UNK , steinberg left germany for the united states , by way of switzerland . END
after he had spent the first three years in new york as associate conductor , at UNK invitation , of the nbc orchestra , he made numerous guest appearances throughout the united states and latin america . END
in 1945 he became conductor of the buffalo philharmonic . END
seven years later he was asked to become director of the pittsburgh symphony . END
since 1944 he has also conducted regularly at the san francisco opera , where he made his debut with a memorable performance of UNK UNK . END
in recent years he has traveled widely in europe , conducting in italy , france , austria , and switzerland . END
he returned to germany for the first time in 1953 , where he has since conducted in cologne , frankfurt , and berlin . END
where in europe was he going now ? ? END
first of all , to italy for a short vacation -- forte dei UNK , a place he loves . END
since it is not far from UNK , he will visit UNK house , as he never fails to do , to pay his respects to the memory of the composer of la UNK , which he considers one of UNK UNK . END
steinberg spoke with warmth and enthusiasm about italy : `` rome is my second home . END
i consider it the center of the world and make it a point to be there once a year '' . END
he will conduct two concerts at the UNK di santa UNK , as well as concerts in munich and cologne . END
`` then i return to the united states for engagements at the hollywood bowl and in philadelphia '' , he added . END
the forthcoming season in pittsburgh also promises to be of unusual interest . END
there will be premieres of new works , made possible through ford foundation commissions : UNK UNK mystery , with UNK UNK as soprano soloist . END
other world premieres will be UNK UNK third symphony and UNK marx's UNK UNK . END
`` and next year we will do -- also a ford commission -- a piano concerto by elliott carter , with UNK UNK as soloist . END
of course , i shall conduct UNK and bruckner works in the coming season , as usual . END
we'll play UNK fifth symphony in the original version , and mahler's seventh -- the least accessible , known , and played of mahler's works . END
my UNK have become real addicts to UNK and bruckner '' . END
he added that he also stresses the works of these favorite masters on tour , especially mahler's first and fourth UNK , and UNK lied von UNK UNK , and UNK sixth -- which is rarely played -- and seventh . END
UNK eighth he refers to as `` my travel symphony '' . END
he recalled that in california after a critic had attacked him for `` still trying to sell bruckner to the americans '' , the public's response at the next concert was a standing UNK . END
`` now that UNK walter is virtually in retirement and my dear friend UNK UNK is no longer with us , i am probably the only one -- with the possible exception of leonard UNK -- who has this special affinity for and champions the works of bruckner and UNK '' . END
since he introduces so much modern music , i could not resist asking how he felt about it . END
`` there was always and at all times a contemporary music and it expresses the era in which it was created . END
but i usually stick to the old phrase : ' UNK UNK UNK UNK , UNK UNK UNK ( i hold an office , but i do not feel entitled to have an opinion ) . END
i consider it to be my job to expose the public to what is being written today '' . END
with all his musical activities , did he have the time and inclination to do anything else ? ? END
he had just paid a brief visit to the UNK collection to admire his favorite paintings by UNK and UNK UNK . END
he was not enthusiastic over the newly acquired claude UNK , but UNK with pleasure over a UNK exhibit he had been able to see in paris a year ago . END
and how did he feel about modern art ? ? END
again steinberg was cautious and replied with a smile that he was not exposed to it enough to hazard comments . END
`` as my wife puts it '' , he said , again with a UNK in his eyes , `` all you know is your music . END
but after all , you never learned anything else '' ! ! END
what did he do for relaxation ? ? END
like his late colleague , UNK , he reads mystery stories , in particular sir arthur UNK doyle . END
he cited UNK and UNK as favorites in literature . END
but his prime interest , apart from music , he insisted seriously , was his family -- his wife , daughter and son . END
at the moment he was excited about his son's having received the UNK de rome in archaeology and was looking forward to being present this summer at the UNK of an UNK tomb . END
`` both children are musical and my wife is a music lover of UNK instinct and UNK '' . END
`` is the attitude of german youth comparable to that of `` the angry young men ' of england '' ? ? END
was the topic for a UNK discussion at the UNK UNK in munich . END
i was chairman , the only not youthful participant . END
since attack serves to stimulate interest in broadcasts , i added to my opening statement a sentence in which i claimed that german youth seemed to lack the enthusiasm which is a necessary ingredient of anger , and might be classified as UNK and bored rather than angry . END
i was far from convinced of the truth of my statement , but could not think of anything that might evoke responses more quickly . END
`` it is easy for you to talk '' ; ; END
UNK a twenty year old law student , `` you travel around the world . END
we would like to do that too '' . END
`` but you want a job guaranteed when you return '' , i continued my attack . END
`` you must have some security '' , said a young clerk . END
when i mentioned that for my first long voyage i did not even have the money for the return fare , but had trusted to luck that i would earn a sufficient amount , the young people looked at me UNK . END
one girl expressed what was obviously in their minds . END
`` would you advise us to act the same way ? ? END
you might have failed . END
i think it is rather UNK to trust to luck '' . END
others mentioned that i might have had to ask friends or even strangers for help and that to be stranded in a foreign country without sufficient funds did not contribute to international understanding . END
the debate needed no additional controversy and soon i could ask each individually what he expected from life , what his hopes were and what his fears . END
though the four boys and two girls , the youngest nineteen years of age , the oldest twenty-four , came from varying backgrounds and had different professional and personal interests , there was surprising agreement among them . END
what they wished for most was security ; ; END
what they feared most was war or political instability in their own country . END
the ideal home , they agreed , would be a small private house or a city apartment of four to five rooms , just enough for a family consisting of husband , wife , and two children . END
no one wanted a larger family or no children , and none hoped for a castle or said that living in less settled circumstances would be satisfactory . END
all expressed interest in world affairs but no one offered to make any sacrifices to satisfy this interest . END
once again , as in the days of the founding fathers , america faces a stern test . END
that test , as president kennedy UNK depicted it in his state of the union message , will determine `` whether a nation organized and governed such as ours can endure '' . END
it is well then that in this hour both of `` national peril '' and of `` national opportunity '' we can take counsel with the men who made the nation . END
incapable of UNK , the founding fathers found the crisis of their time to be equally grave , and yet they had confidence that america would UNK it and that a republic of free peoples would UNK and serve as an example to a world aching for liberty . END
seven founders -- george washington , benjamin franklin , john adams , thomas jefferson , alexander hamilton , james madison and john jay -- determined the UNK of the new nation . END
in certain respects , their task was UNK greater than ours today , for there was nobody before them to show them the way . END
as madison commented to jefferson in UNK , `` we are in a wilderness without a single UNK to guide us . END
our successors will have an easier task '' . END
they thought of themselves , to use jefferson's words , as `` the UNK '' who had lived in `` the heroic age '' . END
accordingly , they took special pains to preserve their papers as essential sources for posterity . END
their writings assume more than dramatic or patriotic interest because of their conviction that the struggle in which they were involved was neither selfish nor parochial but , rather , as washington in his last wartime circular reminded his fellow countrymen , that `` with our fate will the destiny of unborn millions be involved '' . END
strong men with strong opinions , frank to the point of being UNK UNK , the founding seven were essentially congenial minds , and their agreements with each other were more UNK than their differences . END
even though in most cases the completion of the definitive editions of their writings is still years off , enough UNK has already been assembled to warrant drawing a new composite profile of the leadership which performed the heroic dual UNK of winning american independence and founding a new nation . END
before merging them into a common profile it is well to remember that their separate careers were extraordinary . END
certainly no other seven american statesmen from any later period achieved so much in so concentrated a span of years . END
eldest of the seven , benjamin franklin , a new englander UNK to philadelphia , wrote the most dazzling success story in our history . END
the young UNK apprentice achieved greatness in a UNK different fields , as editor and publisher , scientist , inventor , UNK and statesman . END
author of the albany plan of union , which , had it been adopted , might have avoided the revolution , he fought the UNK UNK battles in london , negotiated the treaty of alliance with france and the peace that ended the war , headed the state government of pennsylvania , and exercised an important UNK influence at the federal convention . END
on a military mission for his native virginia the youthful george washington touched off the french and indian war , then guarded his UNK frontier as head of its militia . END
commanding the continental army for six long years of the revolution , he was the indispensable factor in the ultimate victory . END
retiring to his beloved mount vernon , he returned to UNK over the federal convention , and was the only man in history to be unanimously elected president . END
during his two terms the constitution was tested and found workable , strong national policies were inaugurated , and the traditions and powers of the presidential office firmly fixed . END
john adams fashioned much of UNK radical ideology , wrote the constitution of his home state of massachusetts , negotiated , with franklin and jay , the peace with britain and served as our first vice president and our second president . END
his political opponent and lifetime friend , thomas jefferson , achieved immortality through his UNK of the declaration of independence , but equally notable were the legal and constitutional reforms he instituted in his native virginia , his role as father of our territorial system , and his acquisition of the louisiana territory during his first term as president . END
during the greater part of jefferson's career he enjoyed the close collaboration of a fellow virginian , james madison , eight years his junior . END
the active sponsor of jefferson's measure for religious liberty in virginia , madison played the most influential single role in the drafting of the constitution and in securing its ratification in virginia , founded the first political party in american history , and , as jefferson's secretary of state and his successor in the presidency , guided the nation through the troubled years of our second war with britain . END
if franklin was an authentic genius , then alexander hamilton , with his exceptional UNK , consuming energy , and high ambition , was a political UNK . END
his revolutionary pamphlets , published when he was only 19 , quickly brought him to the attention of the patriot leaders . END
principal author of `` the UNK '' , he swung new york over from opposition to the constitution to ratification almost UNK . END
his collaboration with washington , begun when he was the general's aide during the revolution , was resumed when he entered the first cabinet as secretary of the treasury . END
his bold fiscal program and his broad interpretation of the constitution stand as durable contributions . END
less dazzling than hamilton , less eloquent than jefferson , john jay commands an equally high rank among the founding fathers . END
he served as president of the continental congress . END
he played the leading role in negotiating the treaty with great britain that ended the revolution , and directed america's foreign affairs throughout the confederation period . END
as first chief justice , his strong nationalist opinions anticipated john marshall . END
he ended his public career as a UNK governor of new york . END
these seven founders constituted an intellectual and social elite , the most respectable and disinterested leadership any revolution ever confessed . END
their social status was achieved in some cases by birth , as with washington , jefferson and jay ; ; END
in others by business and professional UNK , as with franklin and adams , or , in UNK case , by an influential marriage . END
unlike so many of the UNK intellectuals in underdeveloped nations of our own day , they commanded both prestige and influence before the revolution started . END
as different physically as the tall , angular jefferson was from the UNK , UNK adams , the seven were striking UNK . END
ardent , UNK , even UNK , they were UNK articulate , wrote their own copy , and were masters of UNK . END
capable of enduring friendships , they were also UNK UNK , who could write with a drop of UNK on their UNK . END
john adams dismissed john UNK , who voted against the declaration of independence , as `` a certain great fortune and UNK genius '' . END
washington UNK his critic , general UNK , as being capable of `` all the UNK of intrigue to UNK the absurd resentment of disappointed vanity '' . END
and hamilton , who felt it `` a religious duty '' to oppose aaron UNK political ambitions , would have been a better UNK risk had he shown more literary restraint . END
the seven founders were completely dedicated to the public service . END
madison once remarked : `` my life has been so much a public one '' , a comment which fits the careers of the other six . END
franklin retired from editing and publishing at the age of 42 , and for the next UNK years devoted himself to public , scientific , and philanthropic interests . END
washington never had a chance to work for an extended stretch at the occupation he loved best , plantation management . END
he served as commander in chief during the revolution without compensation . END
john adams took to heart the advice given him by his legal UNK , UNK UNK , to `` pursue the study of the law , rather than the gain of it '' . END
in taking account of seventeen years of law practice , adams concluded that `` no lawyer in america ever did so much business as i did '' and `` for so little profit '' . END
when the revolution broke out , he , along with jefferson and jay , abandoned his career at the bar , with considerable financial sacrifice . END
hamilton , UNK of the seven , gave up a brilliant law practice to enter washington's cabinet . END
while he was handling the UNK UNK operations of the government he had to resort to borrowing small sums from friends . END
`` if you can conveniently let me have twenty dollars '' , he wrote one friend in UNK when he was secretary of the treasury . END
to support his large family hamilton went back to the law after each spell of public service . END
UNK passed his new york law office one night on the way to a party . END
hamilton was bent over his desk , drafting a legal paper by the light of a candle . END
the frenchman was astonished . END
`` i have just come from viewing a man who had made the fortune of his country , but now is working all night in order to support his family '' , he reflected . END
all seven combined ardent devotion to the cause of revolution with a profound respect for UNK . END
john adams asserted in the continental UNK declaration of rights that the demands of the colonies were in accordance with their charters , the british constitution and the common law , and jefferson appealed in the declaration of independence `` to the tribunal of the world '' for support of a revolution justified by `` the laws of nature and of UNK god '' . END
they fought hard , but they were UNK to former foes , and sought to prevent UNK UNK from UNK tory property in violation of the treaty of UNK . END
this sense of UNK and fairness is superbly UNK in an exchange of letters between john jay and a tory refugee , peter van UNK . END
jay had participated in the decision that UNK his old friend van UNK . END
yet when , at UNK end , the UNK made the first move to resume correspondence , jay wrote him from paris , where he was negotiating the peace settlement : END
`` as an independent american i considered all who were not for us , and you amongst the rest , as against us , yet be assured that john jay never ceased to be the friend of peter van UNK '' . END
the latter in turn assured him that `` were i UNK at the bar , and you my judge , i should expect to stand or fall only by the merits of my cause '' . END
all seven recognized that independence was but the first step toward building a nation . END
`` we have now a national character to establish '' , washington wrote in UNK . END
`` think UNK '' , hamilton UNK the young nation . END
this new force , love of country , UNK upon -- if not UNK -- affectionate ties to one's own state , was UNK by washington . END
his first inaugural address speaks of `` my country whose voice i can never hear but with UNK and love '' . END
all sought the UNK of that nationalism in a federal government with substantial powers . END
save jefferson , all participated in the framing or ratification of the federal constitution . END
they supported it , not as a perfect instrument , but as the best obtainable . END
historians have traditionally regarded the great debates of the seventeen UNK as UNK the issues of centralized vs. limited government , with hamilton and the UNK supporting the former and jefferson and madison upholding the latter position . END
the state's rights position was formulated by jefferson and madison in the kentucky and virginia UNK , but in their later careers as heads of state the two proved themselves better UNK than UNK . END
in purchasing louisiana , jefferson had to adopt UNK broad construction of the constitution , and so did madison in advocating the UNK of UNK bank , which he had so UNK opposed at its inception , and in adopting a UNK protective tariff . END
indeed , the old UNK were far more UNK to the UNK whigs than they were to the UNK democrats . END
when , in 1832 , the south carolina UNK adopted the principle of state UNK which madison had advanced in his old virginia resolve , they elicited no encouragement from that senior statesman . END
in his political testament , `` advice to my country '' , penned just before his death , madison expressed the wish `` that the union of the states be cherished and UNK . END
let the open enemy to it be regarded as a UNK with her box opened ; ; END
and the disguised one , as the UNK creeping with his deadly UNK into paradise '' . END
tobacco road is dead . END
long live tobacco road . END
nostalgic yankee readers of UNK UNK are today informed by proud UNK that tobacco road is buried beneath a UNK super highway , over which travel each day UNK businessmen more concerned with the UNK average than with the cotton crop . END
thus we are compelled to face the urbanization of the south -- an urbanization which , despite its dramatic and overwhelming effects upon the southern culture , has been utterly ignored by the bulk of southern writers . END
indeed , it seems that only in today's southern fiction does tobacco road , with all the traditional trimmings of UNK and UNK and mint UNK , continue to live -- but only as a weary , UNK UNK . END
those writers known collectively as the `` southern school '' have received UNK from even those critics least prone to UNK ; ; END
according to many critics , in fact , the south has led the north in literature since the civil war , both quantitatively and UNK . END
such writers as william faulkner and robert penn warren have led the field of somewhat less important writers in a sort of UNK renaissance . END
it is interesting , however , that despite this strong UNK in southern writing , almost none of the writers has UNK the firmly entrenched concept of the UNK UNK colonel sipping a mint UNK as he silently UNK the revenue from the UNK cotton and tobacco crops ; ; END
of the stereotyped negro servants UNK hymns as they plow the fields ; ; END
of these and a host of other antiquated legends that deny the south its progressive leaps of the past century . END
this is not to say that the south is no longer agrarian ; ; END
such a statement would be the UNK form of UNK . END
but the south is , and has been for the past century , engaged in a UNK urbanization which , oddly enough , is not reflected in its literature . END
in 1900 the south was only 15% urban ; ; END
in 1950 it had become UNK urban . END
in a mere UNK the south has more than tripled its urban status . END
there is a new south emerging , a south losing the UNK traditions of an agrarian society with the rapidity of an UNK -- especially within recent decades . END
as the new south UNK toward further urbanization , it becomes more and more homogeneous with the north -- a tendency which willard UNK terms `` UNK '' , as evidenced in such cities as charlotte , birmingham , and houston . END
it is said that , even at the present stage of southern urbanization , such a city as atlanta is not distinctly unlike columbus or UNK . END
undoubtedly even the old southern stalwart richmond has felt the new wind : william UNK mentions in his latest novel an avenue named for UNK UNK , a civil war general , now UNK , in typical california fashion , `` UNK UNK terrace '' . END
the effects of television and other mass media are UNK regional dialects and UNK with a startling force . END
as for progress , the `` backward south '' can boast of baton rouge , which increased its population between 1940 and 1950 by two hundred and UNK percent , to UNK , the second largest growth of the period for all cities over 25,000 . END
the field , then , is ripe for new southerners to step to the fore and write of this twentieth-century phenomenon , the southern UNK : the new urban economy , the UNK , the pains of transition , the labor problems ; ; END
the list is , obviously , endless . END
but these sources have not been tapped . END
truman UNK is still UNK in southern UNK , exaggerating the old southern legends into something beautiful and grotesque , but as unreal as -- or even more unreal than -- yesterday . END
william UNK , while facing the changing economy with a certain uneasy reluctance , insists he is not to be classified as a southern writer and yet includes traditional southern concepts in everything he publishes . END
even the great god faulkner , the south's one probable UNK for literary immortality , has little concerned himself with these matters ; ; END
such are simply not within his bounded province . END
where are the writers to treat these changes ? ? END
has the agrarian tradition become such an UNK that the switch to UNK is somehow UNK or unwanted ? ? END
perhaps present writers UNK cling to the older order because they consider it useful and reliable through repeated UNK over the decades . END
lacking the pioneer spirit necessary to write of a new economy , these writers seem to be UNK themselves with an old one that is now as UNK as confederate money . END
an example of the changes which have crept over the southern region may be seen in the southern negro's quest for a position in the UNK society , a problem that has been reflected in regional fiction especially since 1865 . END
today the negro must discover his role in an industrialized south , which indicates that the racial aspect of the southern dilemma hasn't changed radically , but rather has gradually come to be reflected in this new context , this new coat of paint . END
the negro faces as much , if not more , difficulty in fitting himself into an urban economy as he did in an agrarian one . END
this represents a gradual change in an ever-present social problem . END
but there have been abrupt changes as well : the UNK , the picket lines , the bus strikes -- all of these were UNK even ten years ago . END
today's evidence , such as the fact that only three southern states ( south carolina , alabama and mississippi ) still openly defy integration , would have UNK many of yesterday's southerners into UNK . END
other examples of gradual changes that have affected the negro have been his moving up , row by row , in the buses ; ; END
his requesting , and often getting , higher wages , better working conditions , better schools -- changes that were slowly emerging even before the supreme court decision of 1954 . END
then came this decision , which sped the process of gaining equality ( or perhaps UNK it ; ; END
only historical evolution will determine which ) : an abrupt change . END
since 1954 the negro's desire for social justice has led to an ironically UNK rebellion . END
he has frequently refused to move from white lunch counters , refused to obey local laws which he considers UNK , while in other cases he has appealed to federal laws . END
this bold UNK , after decades of humble UNK , is indeed a twentieth-century phenomenon , an abrupt change in the southern way of existence . END
a new order is thrusting itself into being . END
a new south is emerging after the UNK years of hesitation , uncertainty , and lack of action from the negro in defining his new role in the UNK defined UNK organizations of the white man . END
the modern negro has not made a decisive debut into southern fiction . END
it is clear that , while most writers enjoy UNK the negro as a UNK , humble old agrarian who UNK `` UNK '' and `` UNK UNK '' with blissful deference to his white employer ( or , in old south terms , `` UNK '' ) , this stereotype is doomed to become in reality as obsolete as UNK lester . END
while there may still be many UNK UNK UNK scattered through the rural south , such men appear to be a vanishing breed . END
writers openly admit that the negro is easier to write than the white man ; ; END
but they obviously mean by this , not a negro personality , but a negro type . END
presenting an individualized negro character , it would seem , is one of the most difficult assignments a southern writer could tackle ; ; END
and the success of such an endeavor is , as suggested above , UNK rare . END
just as the negro situation points up the gradual and abrupt changes affecting southern life , it also points up the UNK of UNK in southern literature . END
the book concerned with the negro's role in an urban society is rare indeed ; ; END
recently only keith UNK novel , UNK lane , has openly faced the problem . END
all but the most UNK of confederate flag UNK admit that the old southern tradition is UNK in actuality and sigh that its passing was accompanied by the disappearance of many genteel and aristocratic traditions of the reputedly languid UNK way of life . END
many earlier writers , mourning the demise of the old order , tended to UNK and exaggerate this `` gracious old south '' imagery , creating such lasting impressions as margaret UNK `` UNK '' plantation . END
modern writers , who are supposed to keep their fingers firmly upon the pulse of their subjects , insist upon drawing out this legend , UNK its burial , when it well deserves a rest after the UNK of the past century . END
perhaps these writers have been too deeply moved by this UNK ; ; END
but they can hardly deny that , exaggerated or not , the old panorama is dead . END
as john t. UNK says in his article , `` twilight of southern UNK '' ( southwest review , winter 1957 ) : `` the UNK UNK where an old south , already too UNK UNK in prose and poetry , should be left to rest in peace , forever dead and ( let us UNK hope ) forever done with '' . END
UNK further UNK the southern writers' creation of an unreal image of their homeland , which is too readily assimilated by both foreign readers and visiting yankees : `` our northerner is suspicious of all this UNK evidence ( of urbanization ) presented to his senses . END
it UNK and UNK him . END
he is too deeply steeped in william faulkner and robert penn warren . END
the fumes of progress are in his nose and the bright steel of industry towers before his eyes , but his heart is away in UNK county with UNK UNK and night riders . END
on this trip to the south he wants , above all else , to UNK the UNK of UNK UNK and to see at least one barn burn at midnight '' . END
obviously , such a northern UNK purpose is somewhat akin to a child's experience with UNK : he wants to see a world of UNK . END
in the meantime , while the south has been undergoing this UNK modernization that is so disappointing to the curious yankee , southern writers have certainly done little to reflect and promote their UNK progress . END
willard UNK , in his new book , american writing in the twentieth century , observes , quite UNK it seems : `` certain subjects are conspicuously absent or have been only lightly touched . END
no southern novelist has done for atlanta or birmingham what UNK , UNK , and farrell did for chicago or UNK UNK did for new york . END
there are almost no fictional treatments of the industrialized south '' . END
not a single southern author , major or minor , has made the urban problems of an urban south his primary source material . END
faulkner , for one , appears to be safe from the accusing fingers of all UNK in this regard . END
faulkner culminates the southern legend perhaps more UNK than it has ever been , or could ever be , done . END
he has made it his , and his it remains , UNK . END
he treats it with a mythological , universal application . END
as his disciples boast , even though his emphasis is elsewhere , faulkner does show his awareness of the changing order of the south quite UNK , as can be proven by a quick recalling of his UNK and snopes families . END
even two decades ago in go down , moses faulkner was looking to the more urban future with a UNK of hope that through its youth and its new way of life the south might be UNK and the curse of slavery UNK from its soil . END
yet his concern even here is with a slowly changing UNK order in general , and he never deals with such specific aspects of this change as the urban and industrial impact . END
faulkner traces , in his vast and UNK saga of UNK county , the gradual changes which UNK into the south , building layer upon layer of minute , subtle innovation which eventually tend largely to hide the old way . END
thus faulkner reminds us , and wisely , that the `` new '' south has gradually evolved out of the old south , and consequently its agrarian roots persist . END
yet he presents a realm of source material which may well serve other writers if not himself : the problems with which a new south must UNK in groping through a blind adolescence into the maturity of urbanization . END
with new mechanization the modern farmer must perform the work of six men : a machine stands between the agrarian and his soil . END
the thousands of city UNK who desert the farms yearly must UNK with even greater stress and tension : the sacred wilderness is gradually surrendering to suburbs and research parks and industrial areas . END
another element to concern the choreographer is that of the visual devices of the theatre . END
most avant-garde UNK , true to their interest in the UNK of pure movement , have tended to dress their dancers in simple lines and solid colors ( often black ) and to give them a bare UNK for a setting . END
but robert UNK , the UNK artist , has collaborated with several of them . END
he has designed a matching UNK and costumes of points of color on white for mr. UNK UNK , so that dancers and background merge into a UNK unity . END
for mr. UNK images and reflections she made some UNK tents that alternately hide and reveal the performer , and a girl's cape lined with grass . END
mr. nikolais has made a distinctive contribution to the arts of costume and decor . END
in fact , he calls his productions UNK works of motion , shape , light , and sound . END
to raise the dancer out of his personal , pedestrian self , mr. nikolais has experimented with relating him to a larger , environmental orbit . END
he began with UNK to make the dancer identify himself with the creature he appeared to be . END
he went on to use objects -- UNK , poles , capes -- which he employed as extensions of the body of the dancer , who moved with them . END
the UNK continued as the dancer was further UNK by the play of lights upon his figure . END
in each case , the object , the color , even the percussive sounds of the electronic score were designed to become part of the theatrical being of the performer . END
the dancer who never UNK her hold on a UNK , begins to feel that it is part of herself . END
or , clad from head to toe in fabric stretched over a series of UNK , the performer may well lose his sense of self in being a `` UNK '' . END
as the dancer is UNK , his UNK are UNK , and the combined elements give birth to a new being . END
from this being come new movement ideas that utilize dancer and property as a single unit . END
thus , the avant-garde choreographers have extended the scope of materials available for dance composition . END
but , since they have rejected both narrative and emotional continuity , how are they to UNK the impressive array of materials at their disposal ? ? END
some look deliberately to devices used by UNK in the other arts and apply corresponding methods to their own work . END
others , less consciously but quite probably influenced by the trends of the times , experiment with approaches that parallel those of the contemporary poet , painter , and musician . END
an approach that has appealed to some choreographers is reminiscent of charles UNK statement of the process of UNK verse : `` one perception must immediately and directly lead to a further perception '' . END
the creator trusts his intuition to lead him along a path that has internal validity because it mirrors the reality of his experience . END
he UNK external restrictions -- conventional syntax , traditional UNK . END
the unit of form is determined subjectively : `` the heart , by the way of the breath , to the line '' . END
the test of form is fidelity to the experience , a gauge also accepted by the abstract UNK painters . END
an earlier but still influential school of painting , UNK , had suggested the way of dealing with the dream experience , that event in which seemingly UNK objects are linked together through the curious associations of the subconscious . END
the resulting picture might appear a maze of restless confusions and contradictions , but it is more true to life than a portrait of an artificially UNK order . END
the contemporary painter tends to UNK not the concrete objects of his experience but their UNK as revealed in abstractions of their lines , colors , masses , and energies . END
he is still concerned , however , with a personal event . END
he accepts the accidents of his UNK because they provide evidence of the vitality of the experience of creation . END
the work must be true to both the physical and the spiritual character of the experience . END
some painters have less interest in the experience of the moment , with its attendant UNK and ambiguities , than in looking beyond the flux of particular impressions to a higher , more serene level of truth . END
rather than putting their trust in UNK sensations they seek form in the stable relationships of pure design , which symbolize an order more real than the disorder of the perceptual world . END
the concept remains subjective . END
but in this approach it is the artist's ultimate insight , rather than his immediate impressions , that gives form to the work . END
others look to more objective devices of order . END
the musician employing the serial technique of composition establishes a mathematical system of UNK that , once set in motion , determines the sequence of pitches and even of rhythms and intensities . END
the composer may reverse or UNK the order of his original set of intervals ( or rhythms or dynamic changes ) . END
he may even alter the pattern by applying a scheme of random numbers . END
but he cannot order his elements by will , either rational or inspired . END
the system works as an impersonal mechanism . END
musicians who use the chance method also exclude subjective control of formal development . END
again , the composer must select his own materials . END
but a tossing of coins , with perhaps the added safeguard of reference to the UNK of the i ching , the chinese book of changes , dictates the handling of the chosen materials . END
avant-garde choreographers , seeking new forms of continuity for their new vocabulary of movements , have turned to similar approaches . END
some let dances take their form from the experience of creation . END
according to katherine UNK , `` the becoming , the process of realization , is the dance '' . END
the process UNK that the choreographer sense the quality of the initial movement he has discovered and that he feel the UNK of the quality that is to follow it . END
the sequence may involve a sharp contrast : for example , a quiet UNK sway of the body succeeded by a violent leap ; ; END
or it may involve more subtle distinctions : the sway may be gradually minimized or enlarged , its rhythmic emphasis may be slightly modified , or it may be transferred to become a movement of only the arms or the head . END
even the least alteration will change the quality . END
an exploration of these possible relationships constitutes the process of creation and thereby gives form to the dance . END
the approach to the UNK of the experience of creation may be analytic , as it is for miss UNK , or spontaneous , as it is for UNK UNK . END
she , too , is concerned with `` the becoming , the process of realization '' , but she does not think in terms of subtle variations of spatial or temporal patterns . END
the design is determined emotionally : `` i must reach into myself for the spring that will send me UNK UNK into the chaos of event with which the dance confronts me '' . END
looking back , miss UNK feels that her ideas may have been influenced by those of jackson pollock . END
at one time she felt impelled to make dances that `` moved all over the stage '' , much as UNK paintings move violently over the full extent of the canvas . END
but her conscious need was to break away from UNK patterns of form , a need to let the experience shape itself . END
UNK garth also believes in subjective continuity that begins with the feeling engendered by an initial movement . END
it may be a free UNK swing of the leg , leading to a UNK swing of the arm that develops into a turn and the sensation of taking off from the ground . END
this became a dance called prelude to flight . END
a UNK quality of free UNK and a building from turns close to the ground towards UNK into the air gives the work its central focus . END
UNK nikolais objects to art as an UNK of personal emotion . END
he seeks to make his dancers more `` UNK '' by relating them to the impersonal elements of shape , light , color , and sound . END
if his dancers are sometimes made to look as if they might be creatures from mars , this is consistent with his intention of placing them in the orbit of another world , a world in which they are freed of their pedestrian identities . END
it is through the UNK dancer that the UNK of form is discovered . END
in his recognition of his impersonal self the dancer moves , and this self , in the `` first revealed stroke of its existence '' , states the theme from which all else must follow . END
the theme may be the formation of a shape from which other shapes evolve . END
it may be a reaction to a percussive sound , the following movements UNK further reactions . END
it may establish the relation of the figure of the dancer to light and color , in which case changes in the light or color will set off a UNK of visual designs . END
unconcerned with the practical function of his actions , the dancer is UNK exclusively in their `` UNK content '' . END
movements UNK freely because they are uninhibited by emotional bias or UNK drive . END
but the UNK must come first . END
though he is also concerned with UNK dance from pedestrian modes of activity , UNK cunningham has selected a very different method for achieving his aim . END
he rejects all subjectively motivated continuity , any line of action related to the concept of cause and effect . END
he bases his approach on the belief that anything can follow anything . END
an order can be UNK rather than chosen , and this approach produces an experience that is `` free and discovered rather than bound and remembered '' . END
thus , there is freshness not only in the individual movements of the dance but in the shape of their continuity as well . END
chance , he finds , enables him to create `` a world beyond imagination '' . END
he cites with pleasure the comment of a lady , who exclaimed after a concert : `` why , it's extremely interesting . END
but i would never have thought of it myself '' . END
the sequence of movements in a cunningham dance is unlike any sequence to be seen in life . END
at one side of the stage a dancer UNK excitedly ; ; END
nearby , another sits motionless , while still another is twirling an umbrella . END
a man and a girl happen to meet ; ; END
they look straight at the audience , not at each other . END
he UNK her , puts her down , and walks off , neither pleased nor disturbed , as if nothing had happened . END
if one dancer UNK another , the victim may do a pirouette , sit down , or offer his UNK a fork and spoon . END
events occur without apparent reason . END
their consequences are irrelevant -- or there are no consequences at all . END
the sequence is determined by chance , and mr. cunningham makes use of any one of several chance devices . END
he may toss coins ; ; END
he may take slips of paper from a grab bag . END
the answers derived by these means may determine not only the temporal organization of the dance but also its spatial design , special slips UNK the location on the stage where the movement is to be performed . END
the other variables include the dancer who is to perform the movement and the length of time he is to take in its performance . END
the only factors that are personally set by the choreographer are the movements themselves , the number of the dancers , and the approximate total duration of the dance . END
the `` approximate '' is important , because even after the order of the work has been established by the chance method , the result is not UNK . END
each performance may be different . END
if a work is divided into several large segments , a UNK drawing of random numbers may determine the order of the segments for any particular performance . END
and any sequence can not only change its positions in the work but can even be eliminated from it altogether . END
mr. cunningham tries not to UNK the chance method ; ; END
he UNK to its dictates as faithfully as he can . END
however , there is always the possibility that chance will make demands the dancers find impossible to execute . END
then the choreographer must UNK . END
he must UNK matters so that two performers do not bump into each other . END
he must construct transitions so that a dancer who is told to lie prone one second and to leap wildly the next will have some physical preparation for the leap . END
the north and the south were in greater agreement on sovereignty , through all their dispute about it , than were the founding fathers . END
the truth in their conflicting concepts was UNK by statesmen of the UNK of webster and calhoun , and defended in the end by leaders of the nobility of lincoln and lee . END
the people everywhere had grown meanwhile in devotion to basic democratic principles , in understanding of and belief in the federal balance , and in love of their union . END
repeated efforts -- beginning with the missouri compromise of 1821 -- were made by such master moderates as clay and douglas to resolve the difference peacefully by compromise , rather than clear thought and timely action . END
even so , confusion in this period gained such strength ( from compromise and other factors ) that it led to the UNK war of the nineteenth century . END
nothing can show more than this the UNK of the danger to democratic peoples that lies in even relatively slight deviation from their true concept of sovereignty . END
the present issue in UNK -- whether to transform an alliance of sovereign nations into a federal union of sovereign citizens -- resembles the american one of UNK rather than the one that was resolved by civil war . END
and so i would only touch upon it now ( much as i have long wanted to write a book about it ) . END
i think it is essential , however , to pinpoint here the difference between the two concepts of sovereignty that went to war in 1861 -- if only to see better how imperative is our need today to clarify completely our far worse confusion on this subject . END
the difference came down to this : the southern states insisted that the united states was , in last analysis , what its name implied -- a union of states . END
to their leaders the constitution was a compact made by the people of sovereign states , who therefore retained the right to secede from it . END
this right of the state , its UNK contended , was essential to maintain the federal balance and protect the liberty of the people from the danger of UNK power in the union government . END
the champions of the union maintained that the constitution had formed , fundamentally , the united people of america , that it was a compact among sovereign citizens rather than states , and that therefore the states had no right to secede , though the citizens could . END
writing to speed on august 24 , UNK , lincoln made the latter point clear . END
in homely terms whose UNK is startling today , he thus declared his own right to secede . END
we began by declaring that all men are created equal . END
we now practically read it , all men are created equal except negroes . END
when the UNK get control , it will read , all men are created equal except negroes and foreigners and catholics . END
when it comes to this , i shall prefer UNK to some country where they make no pretence of loving liberty -- to russia , for instance , where despotism can be taken pure , without the base UNK of hypocrisy '' ( his emphasis ) END
when the southern states exercised their `` right to secede '' , they formed what they officially UNK `` the confederate states of america '' . END
UNK , as we have seen , still cite this government , along with the articles of confederation of UNK , as an example of a confederacy . END
the fact is that the southern confederacy differed from the earlier one almost as much as the federal constitution did . END
the confederate constitution UNK much of the federal constitution UNK , and most of the rest in substance . END
it operated on , by and for the people individually just as did the federal constitution . END
it made substantially the same division of power between the central and state governments , and among the executive , legislative and judicial branches . END
the difference between confederacy and federal union in 1861 END
many believe -- and UNK -- that the great difference between the constitution of the southern confederacy and the federal constitution was that the former recognized the right of each state to secede . END
but though each of its members had asserted this right against the union , the final constitution which the confederacy signed on march 11 -- nearly a month before hostilities began -- included no explicit provision authorizing a state to secede . END
its UNK discussed this vital point but left it out of their constitution . END
their president , jefferson davis , interpreted their constitution to mean that it `` UNK of no UNK association '' , but this remained so doubtful that `` there were frequent demands that the right to secede be put into the constitution '' . END
the constitution of the southern `` confederation '' differed from that of the federal union only in two important respects : it openly , UNK , recognized slavery -- an institution which the southerners of UNK , even though they continued it , found so impossible to reconcile with freedom that they carefully avoided mentioning the word in the federal constitution . END
they recognized that slavery was a moral issue and not merely an economic interest , and that to recognize it explicitly in their constitution would be in explosive contradiction to the concept of sovereignty they had set forth in the declaration of 1776 that `` all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their creator with certain UNK rights , that among them are life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . END
'' the other important difference between the two constitutions was that the president of the confederacy held office for six ( instead of four ) years , and was limited to one term . END
these are not , however , differences in federal structure . END
the only important differences from that standpoint , between the two constitutions , lies in their UNK . END
the one of 1861 made clear that in making their government the people were acting through their states , whereas the preamble of UNK expressed , as clearly as language can , the opposite concept , that they were acting directly as citizens . END
here are the two UNK : federal constitution , UNK END
`` we the people of the united states , in order to form a more perfect union , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , provide for the common UNK , promote the general welfare , and secure the UNK of liberty to ourselves and our posterity , do UNK and establish this constitution for the united states of america '' . END
`` we the people of the confederate states , each state acting in its sovereign and independent character , in order to form a permanent federal government , establish justice , insure domestic tranquility , and secure the UNK of liberty to ourselves and our posterity -- invoking the favor and the guidance of almighty god -- do UNK and establish this constitution for the confederate states of america '' . END
one is tempted to say that , on the difference between the concepts of sovereignty in these two UNK , the worst war of the nineteenth century was fought . END
but though the southern states , when drafting a constitution to unite themselves , narrowed the difference to this fine point by omitting to assert the right to secede , the fact remained that by UNK from the union they had already acted on the concept that it was composed primarily of sovereign states . END
if the union conceded this to them , the same right must be conceded to each remaining state whenever it saw fit to secede : this would destroy the federal balance between it and the states , and in the end sacrifice to the sovereignty of the states all the liberty the citizens had gained by their union . END
lincoln saw that the act of UNK made the issue for the union a vital one : whether it was a union of sovereign citizens that should continue to live , or an association of sovereign states that must fall prey either to `` anarchy or despotism '' . END
much as he UNK slavery , lincoln was always willing to concede to each `` slave state '' the right to decide independently whether to continue or end it . END
though his election was interpreted by many southerners as the forerunner of a dangerous shift in the federal balance in favor of the union , lincoln himself proposed no such change in the rights the constitution gave the states . END
after the war began , he long refused to permit emancipation of the slaves by union action even in the border states that stayed with the union . END
he issued his emancipation proclamation only when he felt that necessity left him no other way to save the union . END
in his message of december 2 , UNK , he put his purpose and his policy in these words -- which i would call the lincoln law of UNK : `` in giving freedom to the slave , we assure freedom to the free '' . END
what lincoln could not concede was that the states rather than the people were sovereign in the union . END
he fought to the end to preserve it as a `` government of the people , by the people , for the people '' . END
the truth on each side won in the civil war END
the fact that the americans who upheld the sovereignty of their states did this in order to keep many of their people more securely in slavery -- the UNK of individual liberty -- made the conflict UNK , and the greater . END
out of this UNK the citizen emerged , in the south as in the north , as america's true sovereign , in `` a new birth of freedom '' , as lincoln promised . END
but before this came about , UNK americans had given their lives in battle for the two concepts of the sovereign rights of men and of states . END
on their decisive battlefield lincoln did not distinguish between them when he paid tribute to the `` brave men , living and dead , who fought here '' . END
he understood that both sides were at fault , and he reached the height of saying so explicitly in his second inaugural . END
to my knowledge , lincoln remains the only head of state and commander-in-chief who , while fighting a fearful war whose issue was in doubt , proved man enough to say this publicly -- to give his foe the benefit of the fact that in all human truth there is some error , and in all our error , some truth . END
so great a man could not but understand , too , that the thing that moves men to sacrifice their lives is not the error of their thought , which their opponents see and attack , but the truth which the latter do not see -- any more than they see the error which mars the truth they themselves defend . END
it is much less difficult now than in lincoln's day to see that on both sides sovereign americans had given their lives in the civil war to maintain the balance between the powers they had delegated to the states and to their union . END
they differed in the balance they believed essential to the sovereignty of the citizen -- but the supreme sacrifice each made served to maintain a still more fundamental truth : that individual life , liberty and happiness depend on a right balance between the two -- and on the limitation of sovereignty , in all its aspects , which this involves . END
the UNK americans who gave `` the last full measure of devotion '' to prevent UNK , preserved individual freedom in the united states from the dangers of anarchy , inherent in UNK , which throughout history have proved fatal in the end to all associations composed primarily of sovereign states , and to the liberties of their people . END
but the fact that UNK other americans gave the same measure of devotion to an opposing concept served UNK in other essential ways . END
its appeal from UNK to bullets at fort UNK ended by costing the southerners their right to have slaves -- a right that was even less compatible with the sovereignty of man . END
the very fact that they came so near to winning by the wrong method , war , led directly to their losing both the war and the wrong thing they fought for , since it forced lincoln to free their slaves as a military measure . END
there was a divine justice in one wrong thus UNK another . END
there was also a lesson , one that has served ever since to keep americans , in their conflicts with one another , from turning from the ballot to the bullet . END
yet though the southern states lost the worst errors in their case , they did not lose the truth they fought for . END
the lives so many of them gave , to forestall what they believed would be a fatal encroachment by the union on the powers reserved to their states have continued ever since to safeguard all americans against UNK other foe . END
as cells UNK into organisms , they built new `` unnatural '' and internally controlled environments to cope even more successfully with the UNK properties of the external world . END
the useful suggestion of professor david UNK which considers culture as a third stage in biological evolution fits quite beautifully then with our suggestion that science has provided us with a rather successful technique for building protective artificial environments . END
one wonders about its UNK to people . END
will advances in human sciences help us build social structures and governments which will enable us to cope with people as effectively as the primitive combination of protein and UNK acid built a structure of molecules which enabled it to adapt to a sea of molecular interaction ? ? END
the answer is , of course , yes . END
for the family is the simplest example of just such a unit , composed of people , which gives us both some immunity from , and a way of dealing with , other people . END
social invention did not have to await social theory any more than use of the warmth of a fire had to await UNK or the UNK protection of a boat the formulations of UNK . END
but it has been during the last two centuries , during the scientific revolution , that our independence from the physical environment has made the most rapid strides . END
we have ample light when the sun sets ; ; END
the temperature of our homes is independent of the seasons ; ; END
we fly through the air , although gravity pulls us down ; ; END
the range of our voice ignores distance . END
at what stage are social sciences then ? ? END
is the future of psychology akin to the rich future of physics at the time of newton ? ? END
there is a haunting resemblance between the notion of cause in copernicus and in freud . END
and it is certainly no slight to either of them to compare both their achievements and their impact . END
political theoretical understanding , although almost at a UNK during this century , did develop during the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries , and resulted in a flood of inventions which increased the possibility for man to UNK with man . END
UNK government , popular vote , trial by jury , public education , labor unions , cooperatives , communes , UNK ownership , world courts , and the veto power in world councils are but a few examples . END
most of these , with horrible exceptions , were conceived as is a ship , not as an attempt to UNK the ocean of mankind , nor to deny its force , but as a means to survive and enjoy it . END
the most effective political inventions seem to make maximum use of natural UNK and are aware that restraining UNK can play only a minor part in the whole scheme . END
just as present technology had to await the explanations of physics , so one might expect that social invention will follow growing sociological understanding . END
we are desperately in the need of such invention , for man is still very much at the mercy of man . END
in fact the accumulation of the hardware of destruction is day by day increasing our fear of each other . END
i want , therefore , to discuss a second and quite different fruit of science , the connection between scientific understanding and fear . END
there are certainly large areas of understanding in the human sciences which in themselves and even without political invention can help to UNK our present fears . END
UNK has remarked : `` the reason why all UNK are so gripped by fear is that they see all sorts of things happening in the earth and sky with no UNK cause , and these they attribute to the will of god '' . END
perhaps things were even worse then . END
it is difficult to reconstruct the primeval fears of man . END
we get some clue from a few UNK of childhood and from the circumstance that we are probably not much more afraid of people now than man ever was . END
we are not now afraid of atomic bombs in the same way that people once feared UNK . END
the bombs are as harmless as an automobile in a garage . END
we are worried about what people may do with them -- that some crazy fool may `` push the button '' . END
i am certainly not adequately trained to describe or enlarge on human fears , but there are certain features of the fears dispelled by scientific explanations that stand out quite clearly . END
they are in general those fears that once seemed to have been UNK to prayer or ritual . END
they include both individual fears and collective ones . END
they arise in situations in which one believes that what happens depends not only on the external world , but also on the precise pattern of behavior of the individual or group . END
often it is recognized that all the details of the pattern may not be essential to the outcome but , because the pattern was empirically determined and not developed through theoretical understanding , one is never quite certain which behavior elements are effective , and the whole pattern becomes UNK . END
yet often fear persists because , even with the most rigid ritual , one is never quite free from the uneasy feeling that one might make some mistake or that in every previous execution one had been unaware of the really decisive act . END
to say that science had reduced many such fears merely UNK the obvious and frequent statement that science eliminated much of magic and superstition . END
but a somewhat more detailed analysis of this process may be illuminating . END
the frequently postulated antique worry that the daylight hours might UNK to complete darkness apparently gave rise to a ritual and celebration which we still recognize . END
it is curious that even centuries of repetition of the yearly cycle did not induce a sufficient degree of confidence to allow people to abandon the ceremonies of the winter UNK . END
this and other fears of the solar system have disappeared gradually , first , with the ptolemaic system and its UNK concept of UNK and then , more firmly , with the UNK innovation of an universal force that could account quantitatively for both UNK and celestial motions . END
this understanding provides a very simple example of the fact that one can eliminate fear without UNK any controls . END
in fact , although we have dispelled the fear , we have not necessarily assured ourselves that there are no dangers . END
there is still the remote possibility of UNK collision . END
a UNK could fall on san francisco . END
solar activities could presumably bring long periods of flood or drought . END
our understanding of the solar system has taught us to replace our former elaborate rituals with the appropriate action which , in this case , amounts to doing nothing . END
yet we no longer feel uneasy . END
this almost trivial example is nevertheless suggestive , for there are some elements in common between the antique fear that the days would get shorter and shorter and our present fear of war . END
we , in our country , think of war as an external threat which , if it occurs , will not be primarily of our own doing . END
and yet we obviously also believe that the avoidance of the disaster depends in some obscure or at least uncertain way on the details of how we behave . END
what elements of our behavior are decisive ? ? END
our weapons production , our world prestige , our ideas of democracy , our actions of trust or UNK or secrecy or espionage ? ? END
we have UNK off a war and , since our behavior has involved all these elements , we can only keep adding to our ritual without daring to abandon any part of it , since we have not the slightest notion which parts are effective . END
i think that we are here also talking of the kind of fear that a young boy has for a group of boys who are approaching at night along the streets of a large city . END
if an automobile were approaching him , he would know what was required of him , even though he might not be able to act quickly enough . END
with the group of boys it is different . END
he does not know whether to look up or look aside , to put his hands in his pockets or to UNK them at his side , to cross the street , or to continue on the same side . END
when confronted with a drunk or an insane person i have no notion of what any one of them might do to me or to himself or to others . END
i believe that what i do has some effect on his actions and i have learned , in a way , to commune with UNK , but certainly my actions seem to resemble more nearly the performance of a rain dance than the carrying out of an experiment in physics . END
i am usually filled with an uneasiness that through some UNK slip all hell may break loose . END
our inability to explain why certain people are fond of us frequently UNK the same kind of ritual and malaise . END
we are forced , in our behavior towards others , to adopt empirically successful patterns in UNK because we have such a minimal understanding of their essential elements . END
our collective policies , group and national , are similarly based on UNK , but here we often lack even the empirically successful rituals and are still engaged in UNK them . END
we use terms from our personal experience with individuals such as `` trust '' , `` UNK '' , and `` get tough '' . END
we talk about national character in the same way that copernicus talked of the UNK of celestial bodies to move in circles . END
we perform elaborate international UNK and ceremonies with virtually no understanding of social cause and effect . END
small wonder , then , that we fear . END
the achievements which dispelled our fears of the UNK took place three centuries ago . END
what additional roles has the scientific understanding of the 19th and 20th centuries played ? ? END
in the physical sciences , these achievements concern electricity , chemistry , and atomic physics . END
in the life sciences , there has been an enormous increase in our understanding of disease , in the mechanisms of UNK , and in UNK and physiological chemistry . END
the major effect of these advances appears to lie in the part they have played in the industrial revolution and in the tools which scientific understanding has given us to build and manipulate a more protective environment . END
in addition , our way of dealing directly with natural phenomena has also changed . END
even in UNK where detailed and UNK understanding is still lacking , but where some explanations are possible , as with lightning and weather and earthquakes , the appropriate kind of human action has been more adequately indicated . END
apparently the population as a whole eventually UNK enough confidence in the explanations of the scientists to modify its procedures and its fears . END
how and why this process occurs would provide an interesting separate subject for study . END
in some areas , the progress is slower than in others . END
in agriculture , for example , despite the advances in biology , elaborate rituals tend to persist along with a continued sense of the UNK of some natural disaster . END
in child care , the opposite extreme prevails ; ; END
procedures change rapidly and UNK confidence probably exceeds anything UNK by established psychological theory . END
there are many UNK in which understanding has brought about widespread and quite appropriate reduction in ritual and fear . END
much of the former extreme uneasiness associated with visions and UNK and with death has disappeared . END
the persistent horror of having a malformed child has , i believe , been reduced , not because we have gained any control over this misfortune , but precisely because we have learned that we have so little control over it . END
in fact , the recent warnings about the use of x-rays have introduced fears and ambiguities of action which now require more detailed understanding , and thus in this instance , science has momentarily UNK our fears . END
in fact , insofar as science generates any fear , it stems not so much from scientific UNK and gadgets but from the fact that new UNK questions arise , which , until they are understood , create uncertainty . END
perhaps the most illuminating example of the reduction of fear through understanding is derived from our increased knowledge of the nature of disease . END
the situation with regard to our attitude and `` control '' of disease contains close analogies to problems confronting us with respect to people . END
the fear of disease was formerly very much the kind of fear i have tried to describe . END
nothing like godot , he arrived before the hour . END
his letter had suggested we meet at my hotel at noon on sunday , and i came into the lobby as the clock struck twelve . END
my wish to meet samuel beckett had been prompted by simple curiosity and interest in his work . END
american newspaper UNK like to call his plays UNK . END
they find deep pessimism in them . END
even so UNK a UNK as harold UNK of the nation has said that `` waiting for godot '' is `` the concentrate of the contemporary european mood of despair '' . END
but to me beckett's writing had seemed UNK with love for human beings and with a kind of humor that i could reconcile neither with despair nor with UNK . END
could it be that my own eyes and ears had deceived me ? ? END
is his a literature of defeat , irrelevant to the social crises we face ? ? END
or is it relevant because it teaches us something useful to know about ourselves ? ? END
i knew that a conversation with the author would not settle such questions , because a man is not the same as his writing : in the last analysis , the questions had to be settled by the work itself . END
nevertheless i was curious . END
my curiosity was sharpened a day or two before the interview by a conversation i had with a well-informed teacher of literature , a UNK father , at a conference on religious drama near paris . END
when beckett's name came into the discussion , the priest grew loud and told me that beckett `` hates life '' . END
that , i thought , is at least one thing i can find out when we meet . END
beckett's appearance is UNK irish . END
the features of his face are distinct , but not fine . END
they look as if they had been sculptured with an UNK chisel . END
UNK hair goes straight up from his forehead , standing so high that the top falls gently over , as if to show that it really is hair and not UNK . END
one might say it combines the man ; ; END
own pride and humility . END
for he has the pride that comes of UNK and the humility , perhaps of the same genesis , not to impose himself upon another . END
his light blue eyes , set deep within the face , are actively and continually looking . END
he seems , by some unconscious division of labor , to have given them that one function and no other , leaving communication to the rest of the face . END
the mouth frequently breaks into a UNK smile . END
the voice is light in UNK , with a rough edge that corresponds to his UNK . END
the irish accent is , as one would expect , combined with slight inflections from the french . END
his tweed suit was a baggy gray and green . END
he wore a brown knit sports shirt with no tie . END
we walked down the rue de UNK , thence along beside the UNK and across to a sidewalk cafe opposite that church . END
the conversation that ensued may have been engrossing but it could hardly be called UNK . END
for one thing , the world that beckett sees is already shattered . END
his talk turns to what he calls `` the mess '' , or sometimes `` this buzzing confusion '' . END
i reconstruct his sentences from notes made immediately after our conversation . END
what appears here is shorter than what he actually said but very close to his own words . END
`` the confusion is not my invention . END
we cannot listen to a conversation for five minutes without being acutely aware of the confusion . END
it is all around us and our only chance now is to let it in . END
the only chance of UNK is to open our eyes and see the mess . END
it is not a mess you can make sense of '' . END
i suggested that one must let it in because it is the truth , but beckett did not take to the word truth . END
`` what is more true than anything else ? ? END
to swim is true , and to sink is true . END
one is not more true than the other . END
one cannot speak anymore of being , one must speak only of the mess . END
when UNK and UNK speak of a contrast between being and existence , they may be right , i don't know , but their language is too philosophical for me . END
i am not a philosopher . END
one can only speak of what is in front of him , and that now is simply the mess '' . END
then he began to speak about the tension in art between the mess and form . END
until recently , art has UNK the pressure of chaotic things . END
it has held them at bay . END
it realized that to admit them was to jeopardize form . END
`` how could the mess be admitted , because it appears to be the very opposite of form and therefore destructive of the very thing that art holds itself to be '' ? ? END
but now we can keep it out no longer , because we have come into a time when `` it UNK our experience at every moment . END
it is there and it must be allowed in '' . END
i granted this might be so , but found the result to be even more attention to form than was the case previously . END
and why not ? ? END
how , i asked , could chaos be admitted to chaos ? ? END
would not that be the end of thinking and the end of art ? ? END
if we look at recent art we find it preoccupied with form . END
beckett's own work is an example . END
plays more highly UNK than `` waiting for godot '' , `` UNK '' , and `` UNK last tape '' would be hard to find . END
`` what i am saying does not mean that there will henceforth be no form in art . END
it only means that there will be new form , and that this form will be of such a type that it UNK the chaos and does not try to say that the chaos is really something else . END
the form and the chaos remain separate . END
the latter is not reduced to the former . END
that is why the form itself becomes a preoccupation , because it exists as a problem separate from the material it UNK . END
to find a form that UNK the mess , that is the task of the artist now '' . END
yet , i responded , could not similar things be said about the art of the past ? ? END
is it not characteristic of the greatest art that it confronts us with something we cannot clarify , demanding that the viewer respond to it in his own UNK way ? ? END
what is the history of criticism but the history of men attempting to make sense of the manifold elements in art that will not allow themselves to be reduced to a single philosophy or a single aesthetic theory ? ? END
isn't all art ambiguous ? ? END
`` not this '' , he said , and UNK toward the UNK . END
the classical lines of the church which napoleon thought of as a temple of glory , dominated all the scene where we sat . END
the boulevard de la UNK , the boulevard UNK , and the rue UNK ran to it with graceful UNK , bearing UNK of the age of reason . END
this does not allow the mystery to invade us . END
with classical art , all is settled . END
but it is different at UNK . END
there is the UNK , and there art raises questions that it does not attempt to answer '' . END
i asked about the battle between life and death in his plays . END
UNK and UNK hover on the edge of suicide ; ; END
UNK world is death and UNK may or may not get out of it to join the living child outside . END
is this UNK question a part of the chaos ? ? END
if life and death did not both present themselves to us , there would be no UNK . END
if there were only darkness , all would be clear . END
it is because there is not only darkness but also light that our situation becomes inexplicable . END
take UNK doctrine of grace given and grace withheld : have you pondered the dramatic qualities in this theology ? ? END
two thieves are UNK with christ , one saved and the other damned . END
how can we make sense of this division ? ? END
in classical drama , such problems do not arise . END
the destiny of UNK phedre is sealed from the beginning : she will proceed into the dark . END
as she goes , she herself will be illuminated . END
at the beginning of the play she has partial illumination and at the end she has complete illumination , but there has been no question but that she moves toward the dark . END
that is the play . END
within this notion clarity is possible , but for us who are neither greek nor UNK there is not such clarity . END
the question would also be removed if we believed in the contrary -- total salvation . END
but where we have both dark and light we have also the inexplicable . END
the key word in my plays is ' perhaps ' '' . END
given a theological lead , i asked what he thinks about those who find a religious significance to his plays . END
`` well , really there is none at all . END
i have no religious feeling . END
once i had a religious emotion . END
it was at my first communion . END
my mother was deeply religious . END
so was my brother . END
he knelt down at his bed as long as he could kneel . END
my father had none . END
the family was protestant , but for me it was only UNK and i let it go . END
my brother and mother got no value from their religion when they died . END
at the moment of crisis it had no more depth than an old school tie . END
irish catholicism is not attractive , but it is deeper . END
when you pass a church on an irish bus , all the hands flurry in the sign of the cross . END
one day the dogs of ireland will do that too and perhaps also the pigs '' . END
but do the plays deal with the same facets of experience religion must also deal with ? ? END
`` yes , for they deal with distress . END
some people object to this in my writing . END
at a party an english intellectual -- so-called -- asked me why i write always about distress . END
as if it were perverse to do so ! ! END
he wanted to know if my father had beaten me or my mother had run away from home to give me an unhappy childhood . END
i told him no , that i had had a very happy childhood . END
then he thought me more perverse than ever . END
i left the party as soon as possible and got into a taxi . END
on the glass partition between me and the driver were three signs : one asked for help for the blind , another help for UNK , and the third for relief for the war refugees . END
one does not have to look for distress . END
it is screaming at you even in the UNK of london '' . END
lunch was over , and we walked back to the hotel with the light and dark of paris screaming at us . END
the personal quality of samuel beckett is similar to qualities i had found in the plays . END
he says nothing that UNK experience within a closed pattern . END
`` perhaps '' stands in place of commitment . END
at the same time , he is plainly sympathetic , clearly friendly . END
if there were only the mess , all would be clear ; ; END
but there is also compassion . END
as a christian , i know i do not stand where beckett stands , but i do see much of what he sees . END
as a writer on the theater , i have paid close attention to the plays . END
harold UNK is right to say that `` waiting for godot '' is a reflection ( he calls it a distorted reflection ) `` of the UNK and UNK of UNK present politics , ethic , and common way of life '' . END
yet it is not only europe the play refers to . END
`` waiting for godot '' sells even better in america than in france . END
the consciousness it mirrors may have come earlier to europe than to america , but it is the consciousness that most `` mature '' societies arrive at when their successes in technological and economic UNK propel them into a time of examining the UNK ends of culture . END
america is now joining europe in this `` mature '' phase of development . END
whether any of us remain in it long will depend on what happens as a result of the technological and economic revolutions now going on in the countries of asia and africa , and also of course on how long the cold war remains cold . END
even UNK , for all his efforts to formulate a naturalistic morality in the sun also rises and a farewell to arms never maintained that sex was all . END
UNK fiction is supported by a `` moral '' backbone and in its search for ultimate meaning hints at a religious dimension . END
and d. h. lawrence , in UNK of the unconscious , protested UNK against the UNK of the sexual motive . END
though sex in some form or other enters into all human activity and it was a good thing that freud emphasized this aspect of human nature , it is fantastic to explain everything in terms of sex . END
`` all is not sex '' , declared lawrence . END
man is not confined to one outlet for his vital energy . END
the creative urge , for example , transcends the body and the self . END
but for the beat generation all is sex . END
nothing is more revealing of the way of life and literary aspirations of this group than their attitude toward sex . END
for the beatnik , like the UNK , is in opposition to a society that is based on the repression of the sex instinct . END
he has elevated sex -- not UNK or UNK but pure , spontaneous , uninhibited sex -- to the rank of the UNK ; ; END
it is UNK , UNK , venus , UNK , UNK , christ , the mysterious and divine UNK energy flowing through the body of the universe . END
jazz is sex , marijuana is a stimulus to sex , the beat tempo is adjusted to the UNK release of the sexual impulse . END
lawrence lipton , in the holy barbarians , stresses that for the beat generation sex is more than a source of pleasure ; ; END
it is a mystique , and their private language is rich in the UNK ambiguities of sexual reference so that they dwell in a UNK universe of discourse . END
the singular uncompromising force of their revolt against the cult of restraint is illustrated by their refusal to dance in a public place . END
the dance is but a disguised ritual for the expression of UNK sexual desire . END
for this reason , too , their language is more forthright and earthy . END
the beatniks UNK a sexual experience in which their whole being participates . END
it is therefore not surprising that they resist the lure of marriage and the trap of UNK , for like cats they are determined not to tame their sexual energy . END
they withdraw to the underground of the slums where they can defy the UNK of UNK propriety . END
unlike the heroes and UNK of the lost generation , they UNK the art of `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' . END
that is reserved for the squares . END
if they avoid the use of the pungent , outlawed UNK word it is because it is UNK ; ; END
as lipton , the prophet of the beat generation , declares : `` in the sexual act , the beat are filled with UNK , the divine power . END
this is far from the vulgar , leering sexuality of the middle-class square in heat '' . END
this is the holy UNK these knights of the orgasm pursue , this is the irresistible cosmic urge to which they respond . END
if wilhelm reich is the moses who has led them out of the egypt of sexual slavery , dylan thomas is the poet who offers them the UNK dialectic of justification for their indulgence in liquor , marijuana , sex , and jazz . END
in addition , they have been converted to zen buddhism , with its UNK of all that is `` natural '' and UNK alive , the sense that everything in the world is flowing . END
thus , paradoxically , the beat writers resort to `` religious '' UNK : they are in search of UNK , the spiritual , the UNK , but not anything connected with formal religion . END
what they are after is the UNK vision . END
and zen buddhism , though it is extremely difficult to understand how these internal contradictions are UNK , helps them in their struggle to achieve personal salvation through sexual release . END
the style of life chosen by the beat generation , the rhythm and ritual they have adopted as uniquely their own , is designed to enhance the value of the sexual experience . END
jazz is good not only because it promotes UNK but because of its decided sexual effect . END
jazz is the musical language of sex , the vocabulary of the orgasm ; ; END
indeed , it is maintained that the sexual element in jazz , by UNK the listener of his UNK , can have therapeutic value . END
that is why , the argument runs , the squares are so fearful of jazz and yet UNK fascinated by it . END
instead of giving themselves spontaneously to the UNK release that jazz can give them , they undergo psychoanalysis or UNK with UNK or turn to UNK for satisfaction . END
thus jazz is transmuted into something holy , the sacred road to integration of being . END
jazz , like sex , is a mystique . END
it is not a substitute for sex but a dynamic expression of the creative impulse in unfettered man . END
the mystique of sex , combined with marijuana and jazz , is intended to provide a design for living . END
those who are sexually liberated can become UNK alive and free , their instincts put at the service of the imagination . END
righteous in their denunciation of all that makes for death , the beat prophets bid all men become cool cats ; ; END
let them learn to `` swing '' freely , to let go , to become UNK themselves , and then perhaps civilization will be saved . END
the beatnik , UNK from a society that is fatally afflicted with a UNK drive , is concerned with his personal salvation in the living present . END
if he is the child of UNK , if he is the UNK victim of an age of atomic wars , then he will consult only his own organic needs and go beyond good and evil . END
he will not curb his UNK desires but release the energy within him that makes him feel truly and fully alive , even if it is only for this brief moment before the UNK of annihilation UNK on earth . END
that is why the members of the beat generation proudly assume the title of the holy barbarians ; ; END
they will destroy the shrines , temples , museums , and churches of the state that is the UNK enemy of the life they believe in . END
apart from the UNK imperative they derive from the metaphysics of the orgasm , the only affirmation they are capable of making is that art is their only refuge . END
their writing , born of their experiments in marijuana and untrammeled sexuality , reflects the extremity of their existential alienation . END
the mind has betrayed them , reason is the foe of life ; ; END
they will trust only their physical sensations , the wisdom of the body , the holy UNK of the unconscious . END
with lyrical intensity they reveal what they hate , but their faith in love , inspired by the revolutionary rhythms of jazz , culminates in the climax of the orgasm . END
their work mirrors the UNK of the UNK , UNK and irresponsible . END
their rebellion against authoritarian society is not far removed from the violence of revolt characteristic of the juvenile delinquent . END
and the life they lead is UNK and for the most part UNK , even though they make a UNK of devoting themselves to some creative pursuit -- writing , painting , music . END
they are UNK on principle . END
when they express themselves it is UNK hatred that shines forth , the rage of repudiation , the ecstasy of negation . END
it is sex that UNK them , sex that is at the basis of their aesthetic creed . END
what they discuss with UNK seriousness is the degree to which sex can UNK the muse . END
UNK is the vice from which the UNK fearful middle class continue to suffer , whereas the beatnik has the courage to break out of that prison of respectability . END
one girl describes her past , her succession of broken marriages , the UNK she has had and finally UNK that she loves sex and sees no reason why she must justify her passion . END
if it is an honest feeling , then why should she not yield to it ? ? END
`` most often '' , she says , `` it's the UNK relationship that is UNK '' . END
there is nothing holy in UNK . END
this girl soon drops the UNK UNK who UNK of her life . END
she finds married life UNK and every prolonged sex relationship UNK monotonous . END
this confession serves to make clear in part what is behind this sexual revolution : the UNK for sensation for its own sake , the need for change , for new experiences . END
in the realm of physical sensations , sex UNK supreme . END
hence the beatniks sustain themselves on marijuana , jazz , free swinging poetry , UNK themselves in UNK of sex ; ; END
some of them are driven over the UNK of sanity and lose contact with reality . END
one beat poet UNK a poem , `` lines on a UNK john '' , which contains a few happy hints for survival . END
the new fact the UNK of this cult have to learn is that they must move toward simplicity . END
the professed mission of this UNK generation is to find a new way of life which they can express in poetry and fiction , but what they produce is unfortunately UNK , nourished solely on the hysteria of negation . END
who are the creative representatives of this movement ? ? END
UNK , UNK , UNK , drug addicts , UNK , alcoholics , the weak , the frustrated , the UNK , the despairing , the UNK and UNK of society . END
they embrace independent poverty , usually with a `` UNK '' partner who will help support them . END
they are full of contempt for the institution of UNK . END
their previous UNK marriages do not count , for they hold the laws of the state null and void . END
they feel they are UNK against a hostile , UNK world , faced with the UNK UNK opposition of squares and their UNK , the police . END
this is the rhetoric of righteousness the beatniks use in defending their way of life , their search for UNK , though their actual existence fails to reach these `` religious '' heights . END
one beatnik got the woman he was living with so involved in drugs and UNK and UNK sessions of sex that she was beginning to crack up . END
what UNK had she picked up during these long nights of talk ? ? END
sex as the creative principle of the universe , the secret of primitive religion , the life of myth . END
everything in the final analysis reduced itself to sexual symbolism . END
in his chapter on `` the UNK of the beat generation '' , lipton UNK the reader none of the UNK details . END
no one asks questions about the free union of the sexes in west venice so long as the partners share the negative attitudes of the group . END
the women who come to west venice , having UNK radicalism , are interested in living only for the moment , in being constantly on the move . END
others who are attracted to this UNK of the beat generation are UNK , UNK addicts , and UNK UNK . END
those who are sexual UNK are naturally drawn to join the beatniks . END
since the UNK widely use marijuana , they do not have to be initiated . END
part of the ritual of sex is the use of marijuana . END
as lipton puts it : `` the UNK is felt in the magic circle of marijuana with far greater force , as a unifying principle in human relationships , than at any other time except , perhaps , in the mutual metaphysical UNK . END
the magic circle is , in fact , a symbol of and preparation for the metaphysical orgasm '' . END
under the influence of marijuana the beatnik comes alive within and experiences a wonderfully enhanced sense of self as if he had discovered the open sesame to the universe of being . END
carried high on this `` charge '' , he UNK `` magical '' poetry that UNK the organic rhythms of life in words . END
if he thus achieves a lyrical , UNK , drugged intensity , he pays the price for his indulgence by producing work -- allen UNK `` howl '' is a striking example of this tendency -- that is UNK , UNK but without depth and without UNK control . END
for drugs are in themselves no royal road to creativity . END
how is the beat poet to achieve unity of form when he is at the same time engaged in a systematic UNK of senses . END
if love reflects the nature of man , as UNK y UNK believes , if the person in love UNK decisively what he is by his behavior in love , then the writers of the beat generation are creating a new literary UNK . END
there were fences in the old days when we were children . END
across the front of a yard and down the side , they were iron , either UNK along the top or arched in half circles . END
alley fences were made of solid boards higher than one's head , but not so high as the golden glow in a corner or the UNK that grew in a line against them . END
side fences were hidden beneath UNK and UNK roses ; ; END
front fences were covered with virginia UNK or trumpet vines or UNK . END
square UNK and gate posts were an UNK pattern of UNK foliage ; ; END
they were topped by steeples complete in every detail : high-pitched roof , UNK , and narrow UNK . END
on these posts the gates swung open with a UNK and shut with a metallic UNK . END
the only extended view possible to anyone less tall than the fences was that obtained from an upper UNK of the apple tree . END
the primary quality of that view seems , now , to have been its UNK , but that cannot at the time have impressed us . END
what one actually remembers is its UNK . END
from high in the tree , the whole block lay within range of the eye , but the ground was almost nowhere visible . END
one looked down on a sea of leaves , a breaking wave of flower . END
every path from back door to barn was covered by a UNK , and every yard had its fruit trees . END
in the center of any open space remaining our UNK had planted UNK and UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK . END
from above one could only occasionally catch a glimpse of life on the floor of this green sea : a UNK UNK skirt flashing into sight for an instant on the path beneath her UNK , or the movement of hands above a UNK and the UNK of garments hung there , half-way down the block . END
that was one epoch : the UNK epoch . END
another had ended before it began . END
time is a queer thing and memory a UNK ; ; END
the tricks that time plays with memory and memory with time are UNK of all . END
from maturity one looks back at the succession of years , counts them and makes them many , yet cannot feel length in the number , however large . END
in a stream that turns a UNK there is a lot of water ; ; END
the UNK is quiet , its surface dark and UNK , and there does not seem to be much water in it . END
time in the sum is nothing . END
and yet -- a year to a child is an eternity , and in the memory that phase of one's being -- a certain mental landscape -- will seem to have endured without beginning and without end . END
the part of the mind that preserves dates and events may UNK , `` it could have been like that for only a little while '' ; ; END
but true memory does not count nor add : it holds fast to things that were and they are outside of time . END
once , then -- for how many years or how few does not matter -- my world was bound round by fences , when i was too small to reach the apple tree UNK , to twist my knee over it and pull myself up . END
that world was in scale with my own UNK . END
i have no picture in my mind of the garden as a whole -- that i could not see -- but certain aspects of certain corners linger in the memory : UNK , UNK , white UNK beneath a window , with their UNK brown leaves and their sharp scent of november ; ; END
ripe UNK lying in long grass , to be turned over by a UNK foot , cautiously , lest bees still worked in the ragged , UNK holes ; ; END
UNK UNK in the corner between the UNK wall and the side porch , where we passed on our way to the pump with the UNK tied to it as a cup by my grandmother for our childish pleasure in drinking from it . END
it was mother who planted the UNK . END
i think that my grandmother was not an impassioned gardener : she was too UNK a lover of dogs and grandchildren . END
my UNK , i have been told , made her garden her great pride ; ; END
she cherished rare and delicate plants like UNK in tubs and UNK and lemon UNK in pots that had to be UNK in the cellar ; ; END
she filled the waste spots of the yard with common things like the garden UNK in a corner by the UNK , and the UNK UNK along the west side of the house . END
these my grandmother left in their places ( they are still there , more persistent and UNK than the generations of man ) and planted others like them , that flourished without careful tending . END
three of these only were protected from us by stern UNK : the roses , whose petals might not be collected until they had fallen , to be made into perfume or UNK to drink ; ; END
the UNK , whose tight sticky buds would be UNK by the laying on of a finger , although they were not apparently UNK by the ants that crawled over them ; ; END
i have more than once sat UNK in the grass through a long summer morning and watched without touching while a UNK bud higher than my head slowly but visibly pushed off its cap , unfolded , and shook out like a banner in the sun its flaming UNK petals . END
other flowers we might gather as we pleased : UNK and white UNK from beneath the UNK ; ; END
the UNK themselves , that bloomed so UNK but for the most part beyond our reach ; ; END
UNK blossoms that , turned upside down , make UNK ladies ; ; END
and the little , dark blue UNK that scattered its seed everywhere . END
more potent a charm to bring back that time of life than this record of a few pictures and a few remembered facts would be a catalogue of the UNK which are of the very stuff of the mind , intrinsic , because they were known in the beginning not by the eye alone but by the hand that held them . END
flowers , stones , and small creatures , living and dead . END
pale yellow UNK that by UNK could be made to bite ; ; END
UNK of the UNK that snapped like UNK at a touch ; ; END
UNK UNK whose UNK UNK were picked off and eaten for the honey in them ; ; END
UNK buds which could be so grasped and squeezed that they burst like a UNK paper bag ; ; END
bright flowers from the trumpet vine that made `` gloves '' on the ends of ten UNK fingers . END
fuzzy UNK , UNK with their sensitive horns , struggling grasshoppers held by their long UNK legs and commanded to `` spit tobacco , spit '' . END
dead UNK birds , their UNK UNK and the odor of decay that clung to the hand when they had been buried in our graveyard in front of the purple flags . END
and the cast shell of a locust , UNK and transparent , weighing nothing , fragile but entire , with eyes like bubbles and a UNK slit down its back . END
every morning early , in the summer , we searched the trunks of the trees as high as we could reach for the locust shells , carefully detached their hooked UNK from the bark where they hung , and UNK them , a weird UNK herd , in an angle between the high roots of the tulip tree , where no grass grew in the dense shade . END
we collected `` lucky stones '' -- all the UNK UNK UNK , worn smooth and round , that we could find in the driveway . END
when these had been UNK , we could still spend a morning cracking open other UNK for our delight in seeing how much prettier they were inside than their dull UNK indicated . END
we showed them to each other and said `` would you have guessed '' ? ? END
squatting on our haunches beside the flat stone we broke them on , we were safe behind the high closed gates at the end of the drive : safe from interruption and the observation and possible amusement of the UNK . END
thus shielded , we played many foolish games in comfortable UNK ; ; END
even when the fences became a part of the game -- when a UNK UNK was the sleeping UNK enchanted castle , or when UNK let down her golden hair from beneath the UNK spire , even then we paid little heed to those who went by on the path outside . END
we enjoyed a UNK freedom when we were still too young for school . END
in the heat of the summer , the garden UNK were ours alone ; ; END
our elders stayed in the dark house or sat fanning on the front porch . END
they never troubled themselves about us while we were playing , because the fence formed such a definite boundary and `` don't go outside the gate '' was a command so impossible of UNK . END
we were not , however , entirely UNK with the varying aspects of the street . END
we were forbidden to swing on the gates , lest they sag on their hinges in a UNK way , but we could stand on them , when they were UNK , rest our UNK on the top , and stare and stare , committing to memory , quite UNK , all the details that lay before our eyes . END
the street that is full now of traffic and parked cars then and for many years UNK on an august afternoon in the shade of the UNK trees , and silence was a weight , almost UNK , in the air . END
every slight sound that rose against that pressure fell away again , crushed beneath it . END
a UNK moved slowly along the UNK , the top of it swept by the low boughs of the maple trees , and loose UNK were left hanging tangled among the leaves . END
a wheel UNK on a hub , was still , and UNK again . END
if a child watched its progress he whispered , `` hay , hay , load of hay -- make a wish and turn away '' , and then stared rigidly in the opposite direction until the sound of the UNK feet returned no more . END
when the hay wagon had gone , and an interval passed , a UNK cart might turn the corner . END
the horse walked , the reins were slack , the UNK rode with bowed shoulders , his UNK across his knees . END
UNK , as if UNK to break the silence , he lifted his voice : `` UNK nice fresh UNK today '' ! ! END
the lazy UNK was spaced in time like the UNK of a UNK . END
no one seemed to hear him , no one UNK . END
the horse UNK on , and he repeated his call . END
it became so monotonous as to seem a part of the UNK . END
after his passage , the street was empty again . END
the sun moved UNK across the sky and down ; ; END
the UNK shadows circled from street to sidewalk , from sidewalk to lawn . END
at UNK , or UNK , the coming of the UNK marked the end of the day ; ; END
he tossed a paper toward every front door , and housewives came down to their steps to pick them up and read what their neighbors had been doing . END
the streets of any county town were like this on any UNK afternoon in summer ; ; END
they were like this UNK years ago , and yesterday . END
but the fences were still in place UNK years ago , and when we stood on the gate to look over , the sidewalk under our eyes was not cement but two rows of UNK stones with grass between and on both sides . END
the curb was a line of stone laid UNK in the dirt and tilted this way and that by frost in the ground or the roots of trees . END
opposite every gate was a UNK post or a stone UNK , set with a rusty iron ring for tying a horse . END
the street was UNK and rose UNK toward the center ; ; END
it was mud in wet weather and dust , UNK , in dry , and could be crossed only at the corner where there were stepping stones . END
it had a UNK atmosphere that it has lost long since . END
the UNK of cattle and the prints of bare feet in the mud or in the dust were as numerous as the traces of UNK horses . END
cows were kept in UNK barns , boys were hired to drive them to and from the pasture on the edge of town , and familiar to the ear , morning and evening , were the UNK UNK voices , the UNK of UNK , and the UNK of a stick on UNK . END
it is worth dwelling in some detail on the crisis of this story , because it brings together a number of characteristic elements and makes of them a curious , UNK compound UNK but centrally significant for mann's work . END
the wife , UNK , and her lover are both UNK portrayed , she as UNK sensuality , `` UNK '' and `` indolent '' , possibly `` a mischief maker '' , with `` a kind of luxurious cunning '' to set against her apparent simplicity , her `` UNK brain '' . END
UNK , for his part , `` belonged to the present-day race of small artists , who do not demand the utmost of themselves '' , and the bitter description of the type includes such epithets as `` wretched little UNK '' , the devastating indictment `` they do not know how to be wretched UNK and in order '' , and the somewhat extreme prophecy , so far not fulfilled : `` they will be destroyed '' . END
the trick these two play upon jacoby reveals their want not simply of decency but of imagination as well . END
his appearance as UNK evokes not amusement but horror in the audience ; ; END
it is a spectacle absolutely painful , an UNK of the suffering flesh UNK by spirit , untouched by any spirit other than UNK and humiliation . END
at the same time the multiple UNK involved -- the fat man as girl and as baby , as UNK pretending to be a baby -- touches for a moment UNK upon the secret sources of a life like UNK , upon the sinister dreams which form the sources of any human life . END
the music which UNK has composed for this episode is for the most part `` rather pretty and perfectly UNK '' . END
but it is characteristic of him , we are told , `` his little UNK '' , to be able to introduce `` into a fairly vulgar and humorous piece of UNK a sudden phrase of genuine creative art '' . END
and this occurs now , at the refrain of UNK song -- at the point , in fact , of the name `` UNK '' -- ; ; END
a modulation described as `` almost a stroke of genius '' . END
`` a miracle , a revelation , it was like a curtain suddenly torn away to reveal something nude '' . END
it is this modulation which reveals to jacoby his own frightful UNK and , simultaneously , his wife's UNK . END
by the same means he UNK this fact as having UNK itself to the audience ; ; END
he UNK , and dies . END
in the work of every artist , i suppose , there may be found one or more moments which strike the student as absolutely decisive , ultimately UNK of what it is all about ; ; END
not less strikingly so for being mysterious , as though some deeply hidden UNK of thoughts were UNK in a single image , a single moment . END
the UNK humor , the specifically sexual embarrassment of the joke gone wrong , the monstrous image of the fat man dressed up as a UNK dressing up as a baby ; ; END
the UNK of that quivering flesh ; ; END
the bringing together around it of the secret liaison between indolent , UNK sensuality and sharp , shrewd talent , UNK with an occasional touch of genius ( which , however , does not know `` how to attack the problem of suffering '' ) ; ; END
the miraculous way in which music , revelation and death are associated in a single instant -- all this seems a triumph of art , a rather desperate art , in itself ; ; END
beyond itself , also , it evokes numerous and distant UNK from the entire body of mann's work . END
when i try to work out my reasons for feeling that this passage is of critical significance , i come up with the following ideas , which i shall express very briefly here and UNK to in a later essay . END
love is the crucial dilemma of experience for mann's heroes . END
the dramatic construction of his stories characteristically turns on a situation in which someone is simultaneously compelled and forbidden to love . END
the release , the freedom , involved in loving another is either terribly difficult or else absolutely impossible ; ; END
and the motion toward it brings disaster . END
this prohibition on love has an especially poignant relation to art ; ; END
it is particularly the artist ( UNK UNK , UNK , UNK ) who suffers from it . END
the specific analogy to the dilemma of love is the problem of the `` breakthrough '' in the realm of art . END
again , the sufferings and disasters produced by any UNK against the UNK not to love are almost invariably associated in one way or another with childhood , with the figure of a child . END
finally , the theatrical ( and UNK erotic ) notions of dressing up , cosmetics , disguise , and especially change of costume ( or UNK of costume , as with UNK ) , are characteristically associated with the catastrophes of mann's stories . END
we shall return to these statements and deal with them more fully as the evidence for them UNK . END
for the present it is enough to note that in the grotesque figure of jacoby , at the moment of his collapse , all these elements come together in UNK parody . END
professionally a lawyer , that is to say associated with dignity , reserve , discipline , with much that is essentially middle-class , he is compelled by an impossible love to exhibit himself dressed up , disguised -- that is , paradoxically , revealed -- as a child , and , worse , as a UNK UNK as a child . END
that this abandonment takes place on a stage , during an ' artistic ' performance , is enough to associate jacoby with art , and to bring down upon him the punishment for art ; ; END
that is , he is suspect , guilty , UNK , as is anyone in mann's stories who produces illusion , and this is true even though the constant elements of the UNK , technique , magic , guilt and suffering , are divided in this story between jacoby and UNK . END
it appears that the dominant tendency of mann's early tales , however pictorial or even picturesque the surface , is already toward the symbolic , the UNK , the UNK . END
in a certain perfectly definite way , the method and the theme of his stories are one and the same . END
something of this can be learned from `` the way to the churchyard '' ( 1901 ) , an anecdote about an old failure whose fit of anger at a passing cyclist causes him to die of a stroke or seizure . END
there is no more `` plot '' than that ; ; END
only slightly more , perhaps , than a newspaper account of such an incident would give . END
the artistic interest , then , lies in what the encounter may be made to represent , in the power of some central significance to draw the details into relevance and UNK . END
the first sentence , with its UNK irony , UNK an UNK intent : `` the way to the churchyard ran along beside the highroad , ran beside it all the way to the end ; ; END
that is to say , to the churchyard '' . END
and the action is consistently presented with regard for this distinction . END
the highroad , one might say at first , belongs to life , while the way to the churchyard belongs to death . END
but that is too simple , and won't hold up . END
as the first sentence suggests , both roads belong to death in the end . END
but the highroad , according to the description of its traffic , belongs to life as it is lived in UNK of death , while the way to the churchyard belongs to some other sort of life : a suffering form , an existence wholly comprised in the awareness of death . END
thus , on the highroad , a troop of soldiers `` marched in their own dust and sang '' , while on the UNK one man walks alone . END
this man's isolation is not merely momentary , it is permanent . END
he is a UNK , his three children are dead , he has no one left on earth ; ; END
also he is a drunk , and has lost his job on that account . END
his name is UNK piepsam , and he is rather fully described as to his clothing and UNK in a way which relates him to a sinister type in the author's repertory -- he is a forerunner of those UNK strangers in `` death in venice '' , for example , who represent some combination of UNK , exotic , and UNK . END
this strange person quarrels with a cyclist because the latter is using the path rather than the highroad . END
the cyclist , a sufficiently commonplace young fellow , is not named but identified simply as `` life '' -- that and a license number , which piepsam uses in addressing him . END
`` life '' points out that `` everybody uses this path '' , and starts to ride on . END
piepsam tries to stop him by force , receives a push in the chest from `` life '' , and is left standing in UNK and growing rage , while a crowd begins to gather . END
his rage assumes a religious form ; ; END
that is , on the basis of his own UNK and UNK UNK , piepsam becomes a prophet who in his ecstasy and in the name of god UNK UNK on life -- not only the cyclist now , but the audience , the world , as well : `` all you UNK breed '' . END
this passion brings on a fit which proves fatal . END
then an ambulance comes along , and they drive UNK piepsam away . END
this is simple enough , but several more points of interest may be mentioned as relevant . END
the season , between spring and summer , belongs to life in its carefree aspect . END
UNK fatal rage arises not only because he cannot stop the cyclist , but also because god will not stop him ; ; END
as piepsam says to the crowd in his last moments : `` his justice is not of this world '' . END
life is further characterized , in UNK to piepsam , as animal : the image of a dog , which appears at several places , is first given as the criterion of UNK , irrelevant interest aroused by life considered simply as a spectacle : a dog in a wagon is `` admirable '' , `` a pleasure to contemplate '' ; ; END
another wagon has no dog , and therefore is `` devoid of interest '' . END
piepsam calls the cyclist `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' among other things , and at the crisis of his fit a little UNK stands before him and UNK into his face . END
the ambulance is drawn by two `` charming '' little horses . END
piepsam is not , certainly , religious in any conventional sense . END
his UNK is intimately , or UNK , connected with his UNK ; ; END
the two may in fact be identical . END
his unsuccessful UNK to give up drink are represented as religious UNK ; ; END
he keeps a bottle in a wardrobe at home , and `` before this wardrobe UNK piepsam had before now gone literally on his knees , and in his UNK had UNK his tongue -- and still in the end UNK '' . END
the cyclist , by contrast , blond and UNK , is simply UNK , UNK life , `` UNK and carefree '' . END
`` he made no claims to belong to the great and mighty of this earth '' . END
piepsam is grotesque , a disturbing parody ; ; END
his end is ridiculous and trivial . END
he is `` a man UNK mad on the way to the churchyard '' . END
but he is more interesting than the others , the ones who come from the highroad to watch him , more interesting than life considered as a cyclist . END
and if i have gone into so much detail about so small a work , that is because it is also so typical a work , representing the UNK form of a conflict which remains essential in mann's writing : the crude sketch of piepsam contains , in its critical , destructive and UNK tendencies , much that is enlarged and illuminated in the figures of , for instance , UNK and UNK . END
in method as well as in theme this little anecdote with its details selected as much for UNK and UNK as for `` realism '' , UNK a kind of musical composition , as well as a kind of fictional composition , in which , as UNK says , `` there shall be nothing UNK '' . END
it resembles , too , pictures such as UNK and UNK did , in which all that looks at first to be solely pictorial proves on inspection to be also literary , the representation of a proverb , for example , or a deadly sin . END
`` UNK dei '' ( UNK ) resembles `` the way to the churchyard '' in its representation of a conflict between light and dark , between `` life '' and a spirit of criticism , negation , melancholy , but it goes considerably further in UNK the elements of this conflict . END
the monk UNK , brought over from the renaissance and placed against the background of munich at the turn of the century , protests against the luxurious works displayed in the UNK of m. UNK ; ; END
in particular against a UNK portrayed in a UNK style and UNK , according to gossip , upon the UNK mistress . END
UNK , like piepsam , makes his protest quite in vain , and his rejection , though not fatal , is ridiculous and humiliating ; ; END
he is simply thrown out of the shop by the porter . END
on the street outside , UNK UNK a holocaust of the UNK of this world , such a burning of artistic and erotic productions as his UNK actually brought to pass in florence , and UNK he issues his curse : `` UNK dei super UNK UNK et UNK '' . END
the `` reality '' to which they respond is UNK empty and their art is an imitation of the inescapable UNK of this unknown and empty world . END
their artistic rationale is given to the witness of UNK . END
these polar concerns ( imitation vs. UNK ) reflect a philosophical and religious situation which has been developing over a long period of time . END
the breakdown of classical structures of meaning in all UNK of western culture has given rise to several generations of artists who have documented the UNK processes . END
thus the image of man has suffered complete fragmentation in personal and spiritual qualities , and complete UNK in UNK and UNK powers . END
the image of the world tends to reflect the hostility and indifference of man or else to dissolve into empty spaces and overwhelming mystery . END
the image of god has simply disappeared . END
all such UNK of negative quality have given rise to a UNK response in the form of a heroic and highly individualistic humanism : if man can neither know nor love reality as it is , he can at least invent an artistic `` reality '' which is its own world and which can speak to man of purely personal and subjective qualities capable of being known and worthy of being loved . END
the person of the artist becomes a final UNK of meaning in a world rendered meaningless by the march of events and the decay of classical religious and philosophical systems . END
whatever pole of this contrast one UNK and whatever the tension between these two approaches to understanding the artistic imagination , it will be readily seen that they are not mutually exclusive , that they belong together . END
without the decay of a sense of objective reference ( except as the imitation of mystery ) , the stress on subjective invention would never have been stimulated into being . END
and although these insights into the nature of art may be in themselves insufficient for a UNK philosophy of art , their peculiar authenticity in this day and age requires that they be taken seriously and gives promise that from their very substance , new and valid chapters in the philosophy of art may be written . END
for better or worse we cannot regard `` imitation '' in the arts in the simple mode of classical rationalism or detached realism . END
a broader concept of imitation is needed , one which UNK that true invention is important , that the artist's creativity in part transcends the UNK causal factors out of which it arises . END
on the other hand , we cannot regard artistic invention as pure , UNK , and unrelated to the times in which it occurs . END
we need a doctrine of imitation to save us from the UNK and futility of pure UNK . END
accordingly , it is the aim of this essay to advance a new theory of imitation ( which i shall call mimesis in order to distinguish it from earlier theories of imitation ) and a new theory of invention ( which i shall call symbol for reasons to be stated hereafter ) . END
the UNK imagination in the arts END
the word `` mimesis '' ( `` imitation '' ) is usually associated with plato and aristotle . END
for plato , `` imitation '' is twice removed from reality , being a poor copy of physical appearance , which in itself is a poor copy of ideal essence . END
all artistic and mythological representations , therefore , are `` UNK of UNK '' and are completely superseded by the truth value of `` dialectic '' , the proper use of the inquiring intellect . END
in plato's judgment , the arts play a meaningful role in society only in the education of the young , prior to the full development of their intellectual powers . END
UNK in plato's system is a doctrine of levels of insight , in which a certain kind of detached understanding is alone capable of penetrating to the most UNK wisdom . END
aristotle also tended to UNK all aspects of human nature and activity into levels of excellence and , like plato , he put the pure and UNK intellect on the top level . END
the poetics , in UNK that all human arts are `` modes of imitation '' , gives a more serious role to artistic mimesis than did plato . END
but aristotle kept the principle of levels and even augmented it by describing in the poetics what kinds of character and action must be imitated if the play is to be a vehicle of serious and important human truths . END
for both plato and aristotle artistic mimesis , in contrast to the power of dialectic , is relatively incapable of expressing the character of fundamental reality . END
the central concern of erich UNK impressive volume called mimesis is to describe the shift from a classic theory of imitation ( based upon a recognition of levels of truth ) to a christian theory of imitation in which the levels are dissolved . END
following the theme of incarnation in the gospels , the christian artist and critic sees in the most commonplace and ordinary events `` figures '' of divine power and reality . END
here artistic realism involves the audience in an impassioned participation in events whose overtones and implications are UNK . END
artistic mimesis under christian influence records the involvement of all persons , however humble , in a divine drama . END
the artist , unlike the philosopher , is not a removed observer aiming at neutral and UNK high levels of abstraction . END
he is the UNK of a sacred reality by which he has been grasped . END
i have chosen to use the word `` mimesis '' in its christian rather than its classic implications and to discover in the concrete forms of both art and myth powers of theological expression which , as in the christian mind , are the direct consequence of involvement in historical experience , which are not reserved , as in the greek mind , only to moments of theoretical reflection . END
in the first instance , `` mimesis '' is here used to mean the recalling of experience in terms of vivid images rather than in terms of abstract ideas or conventional UNK . END
by `` image '' is meant not only a visual presentation , but also remembered sensations of any of the five senses plus the feelings which are immediately UNK UNK . END
this is the primary function of the imagination operating in the absence of the original experiential stimulus by which the images were first appropriated . END
mimesis is the nearest possible thing to the actual UNK of experience , in which the UNK person UNK through images something of the force and depth characteristic of experience itself . END
the images themselves , like their counterparts in experience , are not neutral qualities to be surveyed UNK ; ; END
they are fields of force UNK a unique influence on the sensibilities and a unique UNK to one another . END
they bring an UNK component of value within themselves , with attractions and UNK native to their own quality . END
as in experience one is seized by given entities and their interrelations and is forced to respond in value feelings to them , so one is similarly seized in the UNK presentation of images . END
mimesis here is not to be confused with UNK or realism in the conventional sense . END
a word taken in its dictionary meaning , a photographic image of a recognizable object , the mere UNK of a `` scene '' tends to lose experiential UNK and to UNK such conventional abstractions as to invite neutral reception without the UNK of value feelings . END
similarly experience itself can be UNK so that people react to certain UNK clues for behavior without awareness of the vitality of their experiential field . END
a truly vivid imagination moves beyond the conventional recollection to a sense of immediacy . END
the UNK character of the imaginative consciousness tends to express itself in the presentation of artistic forms and materials . END
when words can be used in a more fresh and primitive way so that they strike with the force of sights and sounds , when tones of sound and colors of paint and the UNK shape all strike the sensibilities with an undeniable force of data in and of themselves , compelling the observer into an attitude of attention , all this UNK the way experience itself in its deepest character strikes upon the door of consciousness and UNK for entrance . END
these are like the initial ways in which the world forces itself upon the self and thrusts the self into decision and choice . END
the presence of genuine mimesis in art is marked by the persistence with which the work demands attention and UNK valuation even though it is but vaguely understood . END
underlying these conceptions of mimesis are certain UNK concerning the nature of primary human experience which require some exposition before the main argument can proceed . END
experience is not seen , as it is in classical rationalism , as presenting us initially with clear and distinct objects simply located in space and registering their character , movements , and changes on the UNK UNK of an UNK intellect . END
neither is primary experience understood according to the attitude of modern UNK in which nothing is thought to be received other than signals of sensory qualities producing their responses in the appropriate sense organs . END
primary feelings of the world come neither as a collection of clearly known objects ( houses , trees , implements , etc. ) nor a collection of isolated and neutral sensory qualities . END
in contrast to all this , primary data are data of a self involved in UNK processes and powers . END
the most primitive feelings are rudimentary value feelings , both positive and negative : a desire to appropriate this or that part of the environment into oneself ; ; END
a desire to avoid and repel this or that other part . END
these desires UNK a sense of UNK UNK powers in which one is involved , some working for one's good , others threatening ill . END
gone is the UNK UNK of the mind . END
in its place is a passionate consciousness grasped and molded to feelings of positive or negative values even as the actions of one's life are determined by constellations of process in which one is caught . END
the principal UNK of this view of primary experience as `` causal efficacy '' is alfred north whitehead . END
our most elemental and unavoidable impressions , he says , are those of being involved in a large arena of powers which have a longer past than our own , which are interrelated in a vast movement through the present toward the future . END
we feel the quality of these powers initially as in some degree wholesome or threatening . END
later UNK and rational processes may indicate errors of judgment in these apprehensions of value , but the apprehensions themselves are the primary stuff of experience . END
it takes a great deal of abstraction to free oneself from the primitive impression of larger UNK of power and influence and to view one's world simply as a collection of sense data arranged in such and such sequence and pattern , devoid of all power to move the feelings and actions except in so far as they present themselves for inspection . END
whitehead is here questioning david UNK understanding of the nature of experience ; ; END
he is questioning , also , every UNK which stems from UNK UNK that experience is merely sense data in abstraction from causal efficacy , and that causal efficacy is something intellectually imputed to the world , not directly perceived . END
what UNK calls `` sensation '' is what whitehead calls `` perception in the mode of UNK immediacy '' which is a sophisticated abstraction from perception in the mode of causal efficacy . END
as long as perception is seen as composed only of isolated sense data , most of the quality and UNK of existence loses its UNK , becomes an invention of consciousness , and the result is a philosophical scepticism . END
whitehead contends that the human way of understanding existence as a unity of interlocking and interdependent processes which constitute each other and which cause each other to be and not to be is possible only because the basic form of such an understanding , for all its UNK and tendency to mistake the detail , is initially given in the way man feels the world . END
in this respect experience is broader and full of a richer variety of potential meanings than the mind of man or any of his arts or culture are capable of making clear and distinct . END
a chief characteristic of experience in the mode of causal efficacy is one of derivation from the past . END
both i and my feelings come up out of a chain of events that fan out into the past into sources that are ultimately very unlike the entity which i now am . END
after only eighteen years of UNK , there were already indications of UNK , though `` in a slight degree '' , to be sure . END
there were more indications by the UNK century . END
i leave it to the UNK to say what they were , but i noticed several a few years ago , during an automobile ride from memphis to UNK . END
in town after town my companion pointed out the negro school and the white school , and in every instance the former made a better appearance ( it was newer , for one thing ) . END
it really looked as if a change of the sort predicted by UNK t. washington had been going on . END
but with the renewal of interference in 1954 ( as with its beginning in UNK ) , the improvement was impaired . END
for over a hundred years southerners have felt that the north was picking on them . END
it's UNK , this feeling that one is being picked on , continually , constantly . END
by what right of superior virtue , southerners ask , do the people of the north do this ? ? END
the traditional strategy of the south has been to expose the vices of the north , to demonstrate that the north possessed no superior virtue , to `` show the world that '' as UNK christopher newman said to his UNK ) `` however bad i may be , you're not quite the people to say it '' . END
in the UNK war years , the south argued that the slave was not less UNK treated than the factory worker of the north . END
at the present time , the UNK takes the line that there's no more of the true spirit of `` integration '' in the north than in the south . END
the line is a pretty good one . END
people talk about `` the law of the land '' . END
the expression has become quite a cliche . END
but people can't be made to integrate , UNK ( the two are inseparable by southern standards ) by law . END
i was having lunch not long ago ( apologies to n. v. UNK ) with three distinguished historians ( one specializing in the european middle ages , one in american history , and one in the far east ) , and i asked them if they could name instances where the general mores had been radically changed with `` deliberate speed , majestic UNK '' ( francis thompson's words for the hound of UNK pursuit ) by judicial fiat . END
they didn't seem to be able to think of any . END
a virginia judge a while back cited a roman UNK to the effect that ten years might be a reasonable length of time for such a change . END
but i suspect that the old roman was referring to change made under military occupation -- the sort of change which UNK was talking about when he said , `` they make a desert , and call it peace '' ( `` UNK UNK , UNK UNK '' . END
moreover , the law of the land is not UNK ; ; END
it can be changed ; ; END
it has been , many times . END
mr. justice UNK UNK scott decision in UNK was unpopular in the north , and soon became a dead letter . END
prohibition was the law of the land , but it was unpopular ( how many of us UNK took up drinking in prohibition days , drinking was so gay , so fashionable , especially in the sophisticated northeast ! ! END
) and was UNK . END
the cliche loses its UNK virtue in the light of a little history . END
the declaration of independence says that `` governments derive their just powers from the consent of the governed '' . END
the phrase `` consent of the governed '' needs a hard look . END
how do we define it '' ? ? END
is the consent of the governed a numerical majority ? ? END
calhoun dealt with this question in his `` UNK on government '' . END
to guard against the tyranny of a numerical majority , calhoun developed his theory of `` concurrent majority '' , which , he said , `` by giving to each portion of the community which may be UNK affected by the action of government , a negative on the others , prevents all partial or local legislation '' . END
who will say that our country is even now a homogeneous community ? ? END
that regional peculiarities do not still exist ? ? END
that the court order does not UNK affect the southern region ? ? END
who will deny that in a vast portion of the south the federal action is UNK with the UNK concept of `` the consent of the governed '' ? ? END
a friend of mine in new mexico said the court order had caused no particular trouble out there , that all had gone as merry as a marriage bell . END
he seemed a little surprised that it should have caused any particular trouble anywhere . END
i murmured something about a possible difference between new UNK history and UNK . END
one can meet with UNK almost anywhere : the UNK viewpoint , it doesn't affect us ! ! END
southern liberals ( there are a good many ) -- especially if they're rich -- often exhibit UNK UNK . END
the trouble here is that it's almost too easy to take the high moral ground when it doesn't cost you anything . END
you've already sent your daughter to miss UNK select academy for girls and your son to mr. UNK select academy for boys , and you can be as liberal as you please with strict UNK . END
if there's no suitable academy in your own neighborhood , there's always new england . END
new england UNK welcome UNK from the provinces , south as well as west . END
they may even enroll a colored student or two for show , though he usually turns out to be from thailand , or any place other than the american south . END
it would be interesting to know how much `` integration '' there is in the famous , fashionable colleges and UNK schools of new england . END
a recent newspaper report said there were five negroes in the 1960 graduating class of nearly one thousand at yale ; ; END
that is , about one-half of one per cent , which looks pretty `` UNK '' to me , especially in an institution which UNK to be `` national '' . END
i must confess that i prefer the liberal who is personally affected , who is willing to send his own children to a mixed school as proof of his faith . END
i leave out of account the question of the best interests of the children , the question of what their best interests really are . END
i'm talking about the grand manner of the liberal -- north and south -- who is not affected personally . END
if these people were denied a voice ( do they have a moral right to a voice ? ? END
) , what voices would be left ? ? END
who is involved willy UNK ? ? END
well , after everybody has followed the new england pattern of UNK one's children into private schools , only the poor folks are left . END
and it is precisely in this UNK economic class that one finds , and has always found , the most racial friction . END
a dear , respected friend of mine , who like myself grew up in the south and has spent many years in new england , said to me not long ago : `` i can't forgive new england for rejecting all complicity '' . END
being a teacher of american literature , i remembered UNK `` massachusetts to virginia '' , where he said : `` but that one dark loathsome burden ye must UNK with alone , and UNK the bitter harvest which ye yourselves have UNK '' . END
there is a legend ( hawthorne records it in his `` english UNK '' . END
and one finds it again in thomas nelson page ) to the effect that the mayflower on its second voyage brought a cargo of negro slaves . END
whether historically a fact or not , the legend has a certain symbolic value . END
complicity is an embarrassing word . END
it is something which most of us try to get out from under . END
like the cowboy in stephen UNK `` blue hotel '' , we run around crying , `` well , i didn't do anything , did i '' ? ? END
robert penn warren puts it this way in `` brother to UNK '' : `` the recognition of complicity is the beginning of innocence '' , where innocence , i think , means about the same thing as redemption . END
a man must be able to say , `` father , i have sinned '' , or there is no hope for him . END
lincoln understood this better than most when he said in his `` second inaugural '' that god `` gives to both north and south this terrible war , as the woe due to those by whom the offense came '' . END
he also spoke of `` the wealth piled by the UNK two hundred and fifty years in UNK UNK '' . END
lincoln was historian and economist enough to know that a substantial portion of this wealth had accumulated in the hands of the descendants of new UNK engaged in the slave trade . END
after how many generations is such wealth ( mounting all the while through the UNK of high finance ) purified of UNK ? ? END
it is a question which new UNK long ago put out of their minds . END
but didn't they get off too easy ? ? END
the slaves never shared in their profits , while they did share , in a very real sense , in the profits of the UNK : they were fed , clothed , doctored , and so forth ; ; END
they were the UNK of responsible , UNK care . END
emerson -- UNK , idealist , UNK -- sounded a high UNK note in his `` boston hymn '' , delivered in UNK in the boston music hall UNK UNK applause : `` pay ransom to the owner and fill the bag to the brim . END
who is the owner ? ? END
the slave is owner , and ever was . END
pay him '' ! ! END
it is the UNK , the UNK , of the pure idealist . END
it ignores the UNK financial aspects ( quite conveniently , too , for his audience , who could indulge in moral indignation without visible , or even conscious , discomfort , their money from the transaction having been put away long ago in a good antiseptic UNK ) . END
like UNK , they had washed their hands . END
but can one , really ? ? END
can god be UNK , ever , in the long run ? ? END
new UNK were a bit sensitive on the subject of their complicity in negro slavery at the time of the drafting of the declaration of independence , as jefferson explained in his `` autobiography '' : `` END
the clause UNK the UNK the inhabitants of africa was struck out in UNK to south carolina and georgia , who had never attempted to restrain the UNK of slaves , and who on the contrary still wished to continue it . END
our northern brethren also i believe felt a little tender under those UNK ; ; END
for though their people had very few slaves themselves , yet they had been pretty considerable carriers of them to others '' . END
but that was a long time ago . END
the new england conscience became UNK . END
george w. cable ( UNK new englander ) , writing in UNK from `` paradise road , UNK '' ( lovely symbolic name ) , UNK continuously the `` southern question '' . END
it was nice to be able to isolate it . END
new england , as everyone knows , has long been UNK to the nation . END
there one finds concentrated in a comparatively small area the chief universities , colleges , and preparatory schools of the united states . END
why should this be so ? ? END
it is true that new england , more than any other section , was dedicated to education from the start . END
but i think that something more than this is involved . END
how did it happen , for example , that the state university , that great symbol of american democracy , failed to flourish in new england as it did in other parts of the country ? ? END
isn't it a bit odd that the three states of southern new england ( massachusetts , connecticut , and rhode island ) have had state institutions of university status only in the very recent past , these institutions having previously been a & m colleges ? ? END
was it supposed , UNK , that a & m ( vocational training , that is ) was quite sufficient for the immigrant class which flooded that part of the new england world in the UNK war period , the immigrants having been brought in from southern europe , to work in the mills , to make up for the labor shortage caused by migration to the west ? ? END
is it not UNK that roger UNK state , rhode island , should have been the very last of the UNK to establish a state university ? ? END
the state universities of maine , new hampshire , and vermont are older and more `` respectable '' ; ; END
they had less immigration to contend with . END
a yale historian , writing a few years ago in the yale review , said : `` we in new england have long since segregated our children '' . END
he was referring not only to the general college situation but more especially to the preparatory schools . END
and what a UNK of those UNK that fair land ! ! END
i don't propose to go into their history , but i have one or two UNK . END
one is that they were established , or gained eminence , under pressure provided by these same immigrants , from whom the old families wished to UNK their children . END
in the early days of a homogeneous population , the public school was quite satisfactory . END
among the recipients of the nobel prize for literature more than half are practically unknown to readers of english . END
of these there are surely few that would be more rewarding discoveries than UNK von heidenstam , the swedish poet and novelist who received the award in 1916 and whose centennial was celebrated two years ago . END
equally a master of prose and verse , he UNK the glory of sweden in the past and continues it into the present . END
in the following sketch we shall present a brief outline of his life and let him as much as possible speak for himself . END
heidenstam was born in 1859 , of a prosperous family . END
on his father's side he was of german descent , on his mother's he came of the old swedish nobility . END
the family estate was situated near UNK on lake UNK in south central sweden . END
it is a lonely , rather desolate region , but full of legendary and historic associations . END
as a boy in a local school he was shy and solitary , absorbed in his fondness for nature and his visions of UNK ancient glory . END
he liked to fancy himself as a chieftain and to dress for the part . END
being somewhat delicate in health , at the age of sixteen he was sent to southern europe , for which he at once developed a passion , so that he spent nearly all of the following ten years abroad , at first in italy , then in greece , egypt , asia minor , and palestine . END
in one of his summers at home he married , to the great disapproval of his father , who objected because of his extreme youth . END
deciding to become a painter , he entered the studio of UNK in paris , where he enjoyed the life of the artists , but soon found that whatever talent he might have did not lie in that direction . END
he gives us an account of this in his lively and humorous poem , `` the happy artists '' . END
`` i scanned the world through printed symbol UNK , and through the UNK rags i strove to see the inner man . END
i looked UNK with my cold mind and with my burning heart '' . END
in this final line , we have the key to his nature . END
few writers have better understood their deepest selves . END
heidenstam could never be satisfied by surface . END
it may , however , be noted that his gift for color and imagery must have been greatly stimulated by his stay in paris . END
the first result of UNK long sojourn abroad was a volume of poems , pilgrimage and UNK ( UNK UNK UNK ) , published in 1888 . END
it was a brilliant debut , so much so indeed that it aroused a new vitality in the younger poets , as did byron's UNK harold . END
professor UNK book , UNK foremost critic of the period , UNK it as follows : `` in this we have the verse of a painter ; ; END
strongly colorful , plastic , UNK , vivid . END
in a bold , sometimes careless , form there is nothing academic ; ; END
all is seen and felt and experienced , the observation is sharp and the imagination lively . END
the young UNK UNK the french life of the streets ; ; END
he tells stories of the thousand and one nights , and UNK up before us the UNK of UNK . END
in the UNK UNK of the east he sees the last reflection of the old happy existence , and for that reason he loves it . END
and yet amid all the gay UNK in pilgrimage and UNK is a cycle of short poems , `` thoughts in loneliness '' , filled with brooding , melancholy , and UNK longing '' . END
of the longer pieces of the volume none is so memorable as `` UNK and immortal '' , which at once took rank among the finest poems ever written in the swedish language . END
it UNK the unknown architect who designed the temple of UNK at UNK , next to the parthenon the noblest example of grecian classic style now in existence . END
on the eve of his return to their native UNK he speaks with his wife of the masterpiece which rises before them in its completed perfection . END
the supreme object of their lives is now fulfilled , says the wife , her husband has achieved immortality . END
not so , he answers , it is not the architect but the temple that is immortal . END
`` the man's true reputation is his work '' . END
the short poems grouped at the end of the volume as `` thoughts in loneliness '' is , as professor book indicated , in sharp contrast with the others . END
it consists of fragmentary personal UNK , such as `` the spark '' : `` there is a spark UNK deep within my soul . END
to get it out into the UNK glow is my life's aim both first and last , the whole . END
it slips away , it burns and UNK me . END
that little spark is all the wealth i know , that little spark is my life's misery '' . END
a dominant motive is the poet's longing for his homeland and its boyhood associations : `` not UNK , but the fields where i would stray , the stones where as a child i used to play '' . END
he is utterly disappointed in himself and in the UNK life he has been leading . END
what he really wants is to find `` a sacred cause '' to which he can honestly devote himself . END
this restless individualism found its answer when he returned to live nearly all the rest of his life in sweden . END
his cause was to UNK the glory of her past and to UNK her people to perpetuate it in the present . END
he did not , however , find himself at once . END
his next major work , completed in 1892 , was a long fantastic epic in prose , entitled hans UNK , which professor book describes as a monument on the grave of his carefree and indolent youth . END
the hero , who is himself , is represented as a pilgrim in the UNK lands of the east , a sort of UNK type , who , to quote from professor book again , `` even in the pleasure gardens of UNK can not cease from his painful search after the meaning of life . END
he is driven back by his yearning to the UNK homeland of his fathers in the forest of UNK '' . END
from this time on heidenstam proceeded to find his deeper self . END
by the death of his father in 1888 he had come into possession of the family estate and had UNK its traditions . END
he did not , however , settle back into acquiescence with things as they were . END
like his friend and contemporary august UNK he had little patience with collective UNK . END
he saw sweden as a country of smug and narrow UNK , indifferent to the heroic spirit of its former glory . END
UNK remedy for this condition was to tear down the old structures and build anew from the ground up . END
UNK conception , on the contrary , was to revive the present by the memories of the past . END
whether in prose or poetry , all of UNK later work was concerned with sweden . END
with the first of a group of historical novels , the charles men ( UNK ) , published in UNK , he achieved the masterpiece of his career . END
in scope and power it can only be compared to UNK war and peace . END
about one-third as long , it is less intimate and detailed , but better coordinated , more UNK and more dramatic . END
though it centers around the brilliant and UNK figure of charles 12 , , the true hero is not finally the king himself . END
hence the title of the book , referring to the soldiers and subjects of the king ; ; END
on the fatal battlefield of UNK , to quote from the novel , `` the wreath he twined for himself slipped down upon his people '' . END
the charles men consists not of a connected narrative but of a group of short stories , each depicting a special phase of the general subject . END
somewhat uneven in interest for an average reader , eight or ten of these are among the finest of their kind in literature . END
they comprise a great variety of scene and interest : grim episodes of war , idyllic UNK , superb canvases of UNK events , and delightfully humorous sketches of odd characters . END
the general effect is tragic . END
almost nothing is said of charles' spectacular victories , the central theme being the heroic loyalty of the swedish people to their UNK king in misfortune and defeat . END
to carry out this exalted conception the author has combined the vivid realism and imaginative power we have noticed in his early poetry and carried them out on a grand scale . END
his peculiar gift , as had been suggested before , is his intensity . END
george meredith has said that fervor is the core of style . END
of few authors is this more true than of heidenstam . END
the charles men has a tremendous range of characters , of common folk even more than of major figures . END
the career of charles 12 , is obviously very similar to that of napoleon . END
his ideal was alexander of UNK , as UNK was julius caesar . END
his purpose , however , was not to establish an empire , but to assert the principle of divine justice . END
each UNK to be a god in human form , but with each it was a different kind of god . END
each failed UNK in an invasion of russia and each brought ruin on the country that UNK him . END
each is still glorified as a national hero . END
the first half of the charles men , ending on the climax of the battle of UNK in UNK , is more dramatically coherent than the second . END
after the collapse of that desperate and UNK campaign the character of the king UNK for a time into a futility that was not merely UNK but often ridiculous . END
like napoleon , he was the worst of UNK . END
there are , however , some wonderful chapters at the beginning of the second part , concerning the reactions of the UNK in UNK . END
then more than ever before did they show their UNK and patient UNK . END
this comes out in `` when the bells ring '' , which describes the UNK of the peasants in southern sweden to repel an invasion by the danes . END
in `` the king's ride '' , charles breaks out of a long period of UNK and UNK , UNK his old self , escapes from turkey , and finally reaches his own land after an absence of eighteen years . END
he finds it in utter misery and desolation . END
all his people ask for is no more war . END
but he UNK into yet another , this time with UNK , and is killed in an assault on the fortress of UNK , being only UNK years of age when he died . END
he had become king at fifteen . END
then suddenly there was a tremendous revulsion of popular feeling . END
from being a hated UNK and UNK he was now the symbol of all that was noblest and best in the history of sweden . END
this is brought out in the next to last chapter of the book , `` a UNK funeral '' , written in the form of an impassioned prose poem . END
slowly the procession of warriors and statesmen passes through the snow beside the black water and into the brilliantly lighted cathedral , the shrine of so many precious memories . END
the guns are fired , the hymns are sung , and the body of charles is carried down to the UNK and laid beside the UNK of his ancestors . END
as he had longed to be , he became the echo of a saga . END
heidenstam wrote four other works of fiction about earlier figures revered in swedish memory . END
excellent in their way , they lack the wide appeal of the charles men , and need not UNK us here . END
it is different with his volume the UNK and their UNK ( UNK UNK UNK UNK ) , a history intended for the general reader and particularly suited for high school students . END
admirably written , it is a perfect introduction to swedish history for readers of other countries . END
some of the earlier episodes have touches of the supernatural , as suited to the legendary background . END
these are suggestive of UNK UNK . END
especially touching is the chapter , `` the little sister '' , about a king's daughter who became a UNK in the convent of st. UNK . END
the record UNK with romance and adventure . END
UNK UNK is a superb example , and charles 10 , , the UNK of denmark , hardly less so . END
of UNK UNK and charles 12 , it is unnecessary to speak . END
today the private detective will also investigate insurance claims or handle divorce cases , but his primary function remains what it has always been , to assist those who have money in their UNK struggle with those who have not . END
it is from this UNK background that the fictional private detective was recruited . END
the mythological private eye differs from his counterpart in real life in two essential ways . END
on the one hand , he does not work for a large agency , but is almost always UNK . END
as a UNK investigator , the fictional detective is responsible to no one but himself and his client . END
for this reason , he appears as an independent and UNK figure , whose rugged individualism need not be pressed into the mold of a 9 to 5 routine . END
on the other hand , the fictional detective does not break strikes or handle divorce cases ; ; END
no client would ever think of asking him to do such things . END
whatever his original assignment , the fictional private eye ends up by investigating and solving a crime , usually a murder . END
operating as a one man police force in fact if not in name , he is at once more independent and more dedicated than the police themselves . END
he UNK criminals not merely because he is paid to do so ( frequently he does not receive a fee at all ) , but because he enjoys his work , because he firmly believes that murder must be punished . END
thus the fictional detective is much more than a simple businessman . END
he is , first and foremost , a UNK of public morals , a servant of society . END
it is this curious blend of rugged individualism and public service which accounts for the great appeal of the mythological detective . END
by virtue of his UNK , his individualism and his freedom from external restraint , the private eye is a perfect embodiment of the middle class conception of liberty , which amounts to doing what you please and let the devil take the UNK . END
at the same time , because the personal code of the detective coincides with the legal dictates of his society , because he likes to catch criminals , he is in middle class eyes a virtuous man . END
in this way , the private detective gets the best of two possible worlds . END
he is an UNK but not an UNK ; ; END
he is a public servant but not a cop . END
in short , the fictional private eye is a specialized version of adam smith's ideal entrepreneur , the man whose private ambitions must always and everywhere promote the public welfare . END
in the mystery story , as in the wealth of nations , individualism and the social good are two sides of the same UNK coin . END
there is only one catch to this idyllic arrangement : adam smith was wrong . END
not only did the ideal entrepreneur not produce the greatest good for the greatest number , he ended by destroying himself , by giving birth to monopoly capitalism . END
the rise of the giant corporations in western europe and the united states dates from the period UNK . END
now , although the roots of the mystery story in serious literature go back as far as UNK , dickens , and poe , it was not until the closing decades of the 19th century that the private detective became an established figure in popular fiction . END
sherlock holmes , the ancestor of all private eyes , was born during the UNK . END
thus the transformation of adam smith's ideal entrepreneur into a mythological detective coincides closely with the decline of the real entrepreneur in economic life . END
driven from the UNK by the course of history , our hero UNK himself as a private detective . END
the birth of the myth UNK for the death of the ideal . END
even on the fictional level , however , the contradictions which give rise to the mystery story are not fully resolved . END
the individualism and public service of the private detective both stem from his dedication to a personal code of conduct : he UNK the law without being told to do so . END
the private eye is therefore a moral man ; ; END
but his morality rests upon that of his society . END
the basic premise of all mystery stories is that the distinction between good and bad coincides with the distinction between legal and illegal . END
unfortunately , this assumption does not always hold good . END
as capitalism in the 20th century has become increasingly dependent upon force and violence for its survival , the private detective is placed in a serious dilemma . END
if he is good , he may not be legal ; ; END
if he is legal , he may not be good . END
it is the gradual unfolding and UNK of this contradiction which creates the inner dialectic of the evolution of the mystery story . END
with the advent of sir arthur UNK UNK sherlock holmes , the development of the modern private detective begins . END
sherlock holmes is not merely an UNK ; ; END
he is very close to being a mental case . END
a brief list of the great UNK little UNK would provide dr. freud with ample food for thought . END
holmes is UNK to the use of UNK and other refreshing UNK ; ; END
he is prone to UNK UNK induced by the playing of the UNK ; ; END
he is a UNK , an incredible UNK , a confirmed UNK . END
holmes rebels against the social conventions of his day not on moral but rather on aesthetic grounds . END
his eccentricity begins as a defense against boredom . END
it was in order to avoid the UNK routine of middle class life that holmes became a detective in the first place . END
as he informs watson , `` my life is spent in one long effort to escape from the UNK of existence . END
these little problems help me to do so '' . END
holmes is a public servant , to be sure ; ; END
but the society which he serves UNK him to tears . END
the curious relationship between holmes and scotland yard provides an important clue to the deeper significance of his eccentric behavior . END
although he is perfectly willing to cooperate with scotland yard , holmes has nothing but contempt for the intelligence and UNK of the police . END
they for their part are convinced that holmes is too `` unorthodox '' and `` theoretical '' to make a good detective . END
why do the police find holmes `` unorthodox '' ? ? END
on the face of it , it is because he employs UNK techniques alien to official police routine . END
another , more interesting explanation , is hinted at by watson when he observes on several occasions that holmes would have made a magnificent criminal . END
the great detective UNK agrees . END
watson's insight is verified by the mysterious link between holmes and his UNK , dr. moriarty . END
the two men resemble each other closely in their cunning , their UNK , their UNK . END
the first series of sherlock holmes adventures ends with holmes and moriarty grappling together on the edge of a cliff . END
they are presumed to have plunged to a common grave in this fatal embrace . END
linked to holmes even in death , moriarty represents the UNK of the great detective , the image of what our hero might have become were he not a public servant . END
just as holmes the eccentric stands behind holmes the detective , so holmes the potential criminal UNK behind both . END
in the modern english `` UNK '' , this UNK of latent criminality in the detective himself has almost entirely disappeared . END
UNK UNK and lord peter UNK ( the respective UNK of UNK UNK and UNK UNK ) have retained UNK UNK but not his zest for life and eccentric habits . END
UNK and his counterparts are perfectly respectable people ; ; END
it is true that they are also extremely dull . END
their dedication to the status quo has been affirmed at the expense of the fascinating but dangerous individualism of a sherlock holmes . END
the latter's real UNK were unable to take root in england ; ; END
they fled from the victorian parlor and made their way across the stormy atlantic . END
in the american `` UNK '' detective story of the UNK and UNK , the spirit of the mad genius from baker street lives on . END
like holmes , the american private eye rejects the social conventions of his time . END
but unlike holmes , he feels his society to be not merely dull but also corrupt . END
surrounded by crime and violence everywhere , the `` UNK '' private eye can retain his purity only through a life of self-imposed isolation . END
his alienation is far more acute than UNK ; ; END
he is not an eccentric but rather an UNK . END
with rex UNK UNK wolfe , alienation is represented on a purely physical plane . END
wolfe refuses to ever leave his own house , and spends most of his time drinking beer and playing with UNK . END
more profound and more disturbing , however , is the moral isolation of raymond UNK philip marlowe . END
in a society where everything is for sale , marlowe is the only man who cannot be bought . END
his tough honesty UNK him to a solitary and difficult existence . END
beaten , bruised and exhausted , he UNK the UNK killer through the UNK of high society and low morals , always alone , always UNK . END
in the end , he gets his man , but no one seems to care ; ; END
virtue is its own and only reward . END
a similar tone of underlying futility and despair UNK the spy UNK of UNK UNK and dominates the most famous of all american mystery stories , UNK UNK the UNK falcon . END
sam spade UNK forces with a band of UNK in search of a priceless UNK statue of a falcon ; ; END
but when the bird is found at last , it turns out to be a fake . END
now the detective must save his own skin by informing on the girl he loves , who is also the real murderer . END
for sam spade , neither crime nor virtue pays ; ; END
moreover , it is increasingly difficult to distinguish between the two . END
because the private eye intends to save society in spite of himself , he invariably finds himself in trouble with the police . END
the latter are either too stupid to catch the killer or too corrupt to care . END
in either case , they do not appreciate the private UNK zeal . END
perry mason and hamilton UNK , UNK wolfe and inspector UNK spend more time fighting each other than they do in looking for the criminal . END
frequently enough , the police are themselves in league with the killer ; ; END
UNK UNK red harvest provides a classic example of this theme . END
but even when the police are honest , they do not trust the private eye . END
he is , like UNK marlowe , too alienated to be reliable . END
finally , in the UNK falcon among others , the clash between detective and police is carried to its logical conclusion : sam spade becomes the chief murder suspect . END
in order to UNK himself , he is compelled to find the real criminal , who happens to be his girl friend . END
what was only a vague suspicion in the case of sherlock holmes now appears as a direct UNK : the private eye is in danger of turning into his opposite . END
it is the growing contradiction between individualism and public service in the mystery story which creates this fatal dilemma . END
by upholding his own personal code of behavior , the private detective has placed himself in opposition to a society whose fabric is UNK with crime and corruption . END
that society responds by condemning the private eye as a threat to the status quo , a potential criminal . END
if the detective insists upon retaining his personal standards , he must now do so in conscious defiance of his society . END
he must , in short , cease to be a detective and become a rebel . END
on the other hand , if he wishes to continue in his chosen profession , he must abandon his own code and sacrifice his precious individualism . END
UNK UNK resolved this contradiction by UNK to write mystery stories and turning to other UNK . END
his successors have adopted the opposite alternative . END
in order to save the mystery story , they have converted the private detective into an organization man . END
the first of two possible variations on this theme is symbolized by mickey UNK mike hammer . END
at first glance , this hero seems to be more rather than less of an UNK than any of his predecessors . END
for hammer , nothing is forbidden . END
he kills when he UNK , takes his women where he finds them and always acts as judge , jury and UNK rolled into one . END
it will be shown that the objectives of the cooperative people in an organization determine the type of network required , because the type of network functions according to the characteristics of the messages UNK in table 1 . END
great stress is placed on the role that the monitoring of information sending plays in maintaining the effectiveness of the network . END
by monitoring , we mean some system of control over the types of information sent from the various centers . END
as a word of caution , we should be aware that in actual practice no message is purely one of the four types , question , command , statement , or exclamation . END
for example , suppose a man wearing a $200 watch , driving a 1959 rolls UNK , stops to ask a man on the sidewalk , `` what time is it '' ? ? END
this sentence would have most of the characteristics of a question , but it has some of the characteristics of a statement because the UNK has conveyed the fact that he has no faith in his own UNK or the one attached to his car . END
if the man on the sidewalk is surprised at this question , it has served as an exclamation . END
also , since the man questioned feels a strong compulsion to answer ( and thereby avoid the consequences of being thought queer ) the question has assumed some measurable properties of a command . END
however , for convenience we will stick to the idea that information can be classified according to table 1 . END
on this basis , certain extreme kinds of networks will be discussed for illustrative purposes . END
networks illustrating some special types of organization END
presumably a cocktail party is expected to fulfill the host's desire to get together a number of people who are UNK acquainted and thereby arrange for bringing the level of acquaintance up to UNK for future cooperative endeavors . END
the party is usually in a room small enough so that all guests are within sight and hearing of one another . END
the information is furnished by each of the guests , is sent by oral broadcasting over the air waves , and is received by the ears . END
since the air is a continuum , the network of communication remains intact regardless of the positions or motions of the points ( the people ) in the net . END
as shown in figure 1 , there is a connection for communication between every pair of points . END
this , and other qualifications , make the cocktail party the most complete and most chaotic communication system ever dreamed up . END
all four types of message listed in table 1 are permitted , although UNK and cocktail tradition require holding the commands to a minimum , while UNK having UNK UNK are more than customarily encouraged . END
the completeness of the connections provide that , for n people , there are af lines of communication between the pairs , which can become a large number ( UNK ) for a party of fifty guests . END
looking at the diagram , we see that af connection lines come in to each member . END
thus the cocktail party would appear to be the ideal system , but there is one weakness . END
in spite of the dreams of the host for UNK in the group , the af incoming messages for each guest UNK his receiving system beyond comprehension if n exceeds about six . END
the crowd consequently breaks up into temporary groups ranging in size from two to six , with a UNK for the cluster ranging from three to twenty minutes . END
for the occasion on which everyone already knows everyone else and the host wishes them to meet one or a few honored newcomers , then the `` open house '' system is advantageous because the honored guests are fixed UNK points and the drifting guests make and break connections at the door . END
we consider a rural community as an UNK of inhabited dwellings whose configuration is determined by the location and size of the UNK land sites necessary for family subsistence . END
we assume for this illustration that the size of the land plots is so great that the distance between dwellings is greater than the voice can carry and that most of the communication is between nearest neighbors only , as shown in figure 2 . END
information beyond nearest neighbor is carried UNK , UNK , and UNK as a UNK rumor . END
in figure 2 , the points in the network are designated by a letter accompanied by a number . END
the numbers indicate the number of nearest neighbors . END
it will be noted that point f has seven nearest neighbors , h and e have six , and p has only one , while the remaining points have intermediate numbers . END
in any social system in which communications have an importance comparable with that of production and other human factors , a point like f in figure 2 would ( other things being equal ) be the dwelling place for the community leader , while e and h would house the next most important citizens . END
a point like p gets information directly from n , but all information beyond n is indirectly UNK through n . END
the UNK at p is last to hear about a new cure , the UNK to announce to his neighbors his urgent UNK , the one who goes the UNK to trade , and the one with the greatest difficulty of all in putting over an idea or getting people to join him in a cooperative effort . END
since the hazards of poor communication are so great , p can be justified as a UNK site only on the basis of unusual productivity such as is made available by a UNK for milling purposes , a mine , or a sugar maple camp . END
location UNK have given these matters much consideration . END
the networks for military communications are one of the best examples of networks which not only must be changed with the changes in objectives but also must be changed with the addition of new machines of war . END
they also furnish proof that , in modern war , message sending must be UNK . END
without monitoring , a military UNK becomes a noisy party . END
the need for monitoring became greater when radio was adopted for military signaling . END
alexander the great , who used runners as message carriers , did not have to worry about having every officer in his command hear what he said and having hundreds of them comment at once . END
as time has passed and science has progressed , the speed of military vehicles has increased , the range of missiles has been extended , the use of UNK noses on the UNK has been adopted , and the range and breadth of message sending has increased . END
next to the old problem of the slowness of decision making , network structure seems to be paramount , and without monitoring no network has value . END
on the parade ground the net may be similar to that shown in figure 3 . END
the monitoring is the highest and most restrictive of any organization in existence . END
no questions , statements , or explanations are permitted -- only commands . END
commands go only from an officer to the man of nearest lower rank . END
the same command is repeated as many times as there are levels in rank from general to corporal . END
all orders originate with the officer of highest rank and terminate with action of the men in the ranks . END
even the officer in charge , be it a captain ( for small display ) or a general , is restrained by monitoring . END
this is done for simplicity of commands and to bring the hidden redundancy up to where misunderstanding has almost zero possibility . END
the commands are specified by the military regulations ; ; END
are few in number , briefly worded , all different in sound ; ; END
and are UNK into sequences which permit any marching maneuver that could be desired on a parade ground . END
this monitoring is necessary because , on a parade ground , everyone can hear too much , and without monitoring a confused social event would develop . END
with troops dispersed on fields of battle rather than on the parade ground , it may seem that a certain amount of monitoring is automatically enforced by the lines of communication . END
years ago this was true , but with the replacement of wires or runners by radio and radar ( and perhaps television ) , these restrictions have disappeared and now again too much is heard . END
in contrast to cocktail parties , military organizations , even in the field , are more formal . END
in the extreme and oversimplified example suggested in figure 3 , the organization is more easily understood and more predictable in behavior . END
a military organization has an objective chosen by the higher command . END
this objective is adhered to throughout the duration of the action . END
the UNK system , or network , is tailored to meet the requirements of the objective , and it is therefore not surprising that a military body acting as a single coordinated unit has a different communication network than a factory , a college , or a rural village . END
the assumptions upon which the example shown in figure 3 is based are : ( a ) one man can direct about six subordinates if the subordinates are chosen carefully so that they do not need too much personal coaching , UNK , etc. . END
( b ) a message runs too great a risk of being distorted if it is to be UNK more than about six consecutive times . END
( c ) decisions of a general kind are made by the central command . END
and ( d ) all action of a physical kind pertinent to the mission is relegated to the line of men on the lower rank . END
these assumptions lead to an organization with one man at the top , six directly under him , six under each of these , and so on until there are six levels of personnel . END
the number of people acting as one body by this scheme gives a surprisingly large army of UNK men . END
this organizational network would be of no avail if there were no regulations pertaining to the types of message sent . END
of types of message listed in table 1 , commands and statements are the only ones sent through the vertical network shown in figure 3 . END
a further regulation is that commands always go down , UNK by statements , and statements always go up , UNK by commands . END
questions and , particularly , UNK are usually UNK along informal , horizontal lines not indicated in figure 3 and seldom are carried beyond the nearest neighbor . END
it will readily be seen that in this suggested network ( not materially different from some of the networks in vogue today ) greater emphasis on monitoring is implied than is usually put into practice . END
furthermore , the network in figure 3 is only the basic net through which other networks pertaining to logistics and the like are interlaced . END
not discussed here are some military problems of modern times such as UNK warfare , where the surveillance , sending , UNK , and receiving are all so inadequate that networks and decision making are not the UNK . END
such problems are of extreme interest as well as importance and are so much like fighting in a rain forest or guerrilla warfare at night in tall grass that we might have to re-examine primitive conflicts for what they could teach . END
a team for useful research . END
this is an UNK problem which probably has never been seriously investigated , although one frequently hears the comment that we have insufficient specialists of the kind who can compete with the germans or swiss , for example , in precision machinery and mathematics , or the UNK in UNK . END
we hear equally fervent concern over the belief that we have not enough UNK who can see the over-all picture and combine our national skills and knowledge for useful purposes . END
this problem of the optimum balance in the relative numbers of UNK and specialists can be investigated on a communicative network basis . END
since the difficulty of drawing the net is great , we will merely discuss it . END
first , we realize that a pure specialist does not exist . END
but , for practical purposes , we have people who can be considered as such . END
for example , there are persons who are in physical science , in the field of mineralogy , trained in UNK , who use only x-rays , applying only the powder technique of x-ray diffraction , to clay minerals only , and who have spent the last fifteen years concentrating on the UNK ; ; END
or persons in the social sciences in the field of anthropology , studying the lung capacity of seven UNK indians . END
so we see that a specialist is a man who knows more and more about less and less as he develops , as contrasted to the UNK , who knows less and less about more and more . END
american democratic thought , pointed up the relation between the protestant movement in this country and the development of a social religion , which he called the american democratic faith . END
those familiar with his work will remember that he placed the UNK of the democratic faith at around UNK . END
and he describes it as a balanced polarity between the notions of the free individual and what he called the fundamental law . END
i want to say more about gabriel's so-called fundamental law . END
but first i want to quote him on the relationship that he found between religion and politics in this country and what happened to it . END
he points out that from the time of jackson on through world war 1 , , evangelical protestantism was a dominant influence in the social and political life of america . END
he terms this early enthusiasm `` romantic christianity '' and concludes that its similarity to democratic beliefs of that day is so great that `` the doctrine of liberty seems but a secular version of its counterpart in evangelical protestantism '' . END
let me quote him even more fully , for his analysis is important to my theme . END
he says : `` beside the protestant philosophy of progress , as expressed in radical or conservative UNK , should be placed the doctrine of the democratic faith which affirmed it to be the duty of the destiny of the united states to assist in the creation of a better world by keeping lighted the beacon of democracy '' . END
he specifies , `` in the middle period of the nineteenth century it was colored by christian UNK , in the twentieth century it was affected by UNK . END
but in every period it has been humanism '' . END
and let me add , UNK , also . END
some fourteen or fifteen years ago , in an essay i called the leader follows -- where ? ? END
i used his polarity to illustrate what i thought had happened to us in that form of liberalism we call UNK . END
it seemed to me that the liberals had UNK the balanced polarity and UNK both liberty and the fundamental law in the common man . END
that is to say gabriel's fundamental law had been so much modified by this time that it was neither fundamental nor law any more . END
it is a weakness of gabriel's analysis that he never seems to realize that his so-called fundamental law had already been cut loose from its foundations when it was adapted to democracy . END
and with UNK the religion of humanity was replacing what gabriel called christian UNK . END
and the common man was developing UNK power , or UNK , on his own . END
during the decade that followed , the common man , as that piece put it , grew uncomfortable as the voice of god and fled from behind saint woodrow ( wilson ) only to learn from science , to his shocked relief that after all there was no god he had to speak for and that he was just an animal anyhow -- that there was a chemical formula for him , and that too much couldn't be expected of him . END
the socialism implicit in the slogan of the roosevelt revolution , freedom from want and fear , seems a far cry from the individualism of the first amendment to the constitution , or of the UNK frontier . END
what had happened to the common man ? ? END
french UNK had had only nominal influence in this country before the days of UNK . END
the UNK onrush of UNK after the war for southern independence and the general secular drift to the religion of humanity , however , prepared the way for a reception of the french UNK UNK offspring of one sort of another . END
the first of which to find important place in our federal government was the graduated income tax under wilson . END
moreover the centralization of our economy during the 1920s , the UNK of the depression , the common ethos of materialism everywhere , all contributed in various ways to the UNK that replaced mike fink and the great UNK with the anonymous UNK of the little people . END
however , it is important to trace the philosophy of the french revolution to its sources to understand the common democratic origin of individualism and socialism and the influence of the latter on the former . END
that john UNK philosophy of the social contract UNK the american revolution with its declaration of independence , i believe , we generally accept . END
yet , after rousseau had given the social contract a new twist with his notion of the general will , the same philosophy , it may be said , became the idea source of the french revolution also . END
the importance of UNK twist has not always been clear to us , however . END
this notion of the general will gave rise to the commune of paris in the revolution and later brought napoleon to dictatorship . END
and it is clearly argued by lord UNK of UNK , in his remarkable long essay , the UNK of democracy , and in a more general way by UNK , in his new science of politics , that this same UNK idea , descending through european democracy , is the source of marx's theory of the dictatorship of the UNK . END
this is important to understanding the position that UNK liberals found themselves in after world war 2 , and our great democratic victory that brought no peace . END
the long road that had taken liberals in this country into the social religion of democracy , into a worship of man , led logically to the UNK dream of a UNK society under a socialist state . END
and the ussr existed as the revolutionary experiment in radical socialism , the ultimate UNK . END
and by the time the war ended , liberal leadership in this country was spiritually UNK . END
we will recall that the still confident liberals of the truman administration gathered with other western utopians in san francisco to set up the legal framework , finally and at last , to rationalize war -- to rationalize want and fear -- out of the world : the united nations . END
we of the UNK world got all set for peace and rehabilitation . END
then suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of another fight , an irrational , an indecent , an UNK and immoral war with our strongest ( and some had thought noblest ) ally . END
during the next five years the leaders of the fair deal reluctantly backed down from the optimistic expectations of the new deal . END
during the next five years liberal leaders in the united states sank in the cumulative confusion attendant upon and manifested in a negative policy of UNK -- and the UNK irony -- enforced and UNK only by threat of a weapon that we felt the greatest distaste for but could not abandon : the atom bomb . END
in 1952 , it will be remembered , the UNK without positive program campaigned on the popular UNK with liberal leadership and won overwhelmingly . END
all of this , i know , is recent history familiar to you . END
but i have been at some pains to review it as the drama of the common man , to point up what happened to him under eisenhower's leadership . END
a UNK journalist , sam UNK , has UNK it in the title of one of his books as the revolt of the moderates . END
he opens his discourse , however , with a review of the eisenhower inaugural festivities at which a sympathetic press had assembled its massive talents , all UNK to catch some revelation of the emerging new age . END
the show was colorful , indeed , exuberant , but the press for all its UNK could detect no note of a UNK rendezvous with destiny . END
UNK offers his book as an explanation of why there was no clue . END
and i select this sentence as its pertinent UNK : `` in essence the drama of his ( eisenhower's ) presidency can be described as the UNK of a nation turned conservative and struggling -- thus far with but limited and precarious success -- to give effective voice and force to that conservatism '' . END
i will assume that we are all aware of the continuing struggle , with its limited and precarious success , toward conservatism . END
it has moved on various levels , it has been UNK and confused . END
obviously there has been no agreement on what american conservatism is , or rather , what it should be . END
for it was neglected , not to say UNK , when the struggle began . END
i saw a piece the other day UNK william buckley , author of man and god at yale and publisher of the national review , as no conservative at all , but an old liberal . END
i would agree with this view . END
but i'm not here to define conservatism . END
what i am here to do is to report on the UNK of the struggle -- a struggle that amounts to UNK -- to see if we can predict its future course . END
one of the obvious conclusions we can make on the basis of the last election , i suppose , is that we , the majority , were dissatisfied with eisenhower conservatism . END
though , to be sure , we gave kennedy no very positive approval in the margin of his UNK . END
this is , however , symptomatic of our national malaise . END
but before i try to UNK it , i would offer other evidence . END
i will mention two volumes of specific comment on this malaise that appeared last year . END
the earlier of them was an unofficial enterprise , sponsored by life magazine , under the title of the national purpose . END
the contributors to this testament were all well-known : a former democratic candidate for president , a new deal poet , the UNK chief editorial writer , two newspaper UNK , head of a national broadcasting company , a popular protestant UNK , etc. . END
what i want to point out here is that all of them are UNK , or modified liberals , with perhaps one exception . END
i suppose we might classify billy graham as an old liberal . END
and i would further note that they all -- with one exception again -- sang in one key or another the same song . END
its refrain was : `` let us return to the individualistic democracy of our UNK for our salvation '' . END
adlai stevenson expressed some reservations about this return . END
others invoked technology and common sense . END
only walter UNK envisioned the possibility of our having `` UNK most of what we used to regard as the program of our national purposes '' . END
but the most notable thing about the UNK of these UNK was that the UNK UNK of socialism was conspicuously absent . END
the second specific comment was the report of eisenhower's commission on national goals , titled goals for americans . END
they , perhaps , gave the pitch of their position in the UNK where it was said that eisenhower requested that the commission be administered by the american assembly of columbia university , because it was UNK . END
the commission seems to represent the viewpoint of what i would call the unconscious liberal , but not unconscious enough , to invoke the now UNK symbolism of socialism . END
and here again we hear the same refrain mentioned above : `` the paramount goal of the united states set long ago was to guard the rights of the individual , ensure his development , enlarge his opportunity '' . END
this group is UNK and their program tends to be technological . END
but it is the need to undertake these UNK that i would submit here as symptom of the common man's malaise . END
and let me add UNK new book as another symptom of it , particularly so in view of the attention time magazine gave it when it came out recently . END
father murray goes back to the declaration of independence , too , though i may add , with considerably more historical perception . END
i will reserve discussion of it for a moment , however , to return to president kennedy . END
as symptomatic of the common man's malaise , he is most significant : a liberal and a catholic , elected by the skin of his teeth . END
does that not suggest to you an uncertain and uneasy , not to say confused , state of the public mind ? ? END
what is the common man's complaint ? ? END
let's take a UNK look back over the course we have come . END
has not that way been lit always by the lamp of liberalism up until the turning back under eisenhower ? ? END
and the basic character of that liberalism has been spiritual rather than economic . END
ralph gabriel gave it the name of protestant philosophy of progress . END
but there's a subjective side to that utopian outlook . END
does our society have a runaway , UNK growth of technology which may end our civilization , or a normal , healthy growth ? ? END
here there may be an analogy with cancer : we can detect UNK by their rapidly accelerating growth , UNK only when related to the more normal rate of healthy growth . END
should the accelerating growth of technology then warn us ? ? END
noting such evidence is the first step ; ; END
and almost the only `` cure '' is early detection and removal . END
one way to determine whether we have so dangerous a technology would be to check the strength of our UNK organs to see if their functioning is as healthy as before . END
so an objective look at our present procedures may move us to consider seriously this possibly analogous situation . END
in any event , whether society may have cancer , or merely a virus infection , the `` disease '' , we shall find , is political , economical , social , and even medical . END
have not our physical abilities already deteriorated because of the more UNK lives we are now living ? ? END
hence the prime issue , as i see it , is whether a democratic or free society can master technology for the benefit of mankind , or whether technology will rule and develop its own society compatible with its own needs as a force of nature . END
we are already committed to establishing man's supremacy over nature and everywhere on earth , not merely in the limited UNK context we are fond of today . END
otherwise , we go on endlessly trying to draw the line , color and other , as to which kind of man we wish to see dominate . END
we have proved so able to solve technological problems that to contend we cannot realize a universal goal in the immediate future is to be extremely shortsighted , if nothing else . END
we must believe we have the ability to affect our own UNK : otherwise why try anything ? ? END
so in these pages the term `` technology '' is used to include any and all means which could UNK , project , or UNK man's control over himself and over other men . END
naturally this includes all communication forms , e.g. languages , or any social , political , economic or religious structures employed for such control . END
properly mindful of all the cultures in existence today throughout the world , we must employ these resources without war or violent revolution . END
if we were creating a wholly new society , we could insist that our social , political , economic and philosophic institutions foster rather than hamper man ; ; END
but we cannot start off with a clean slate . END
so we must first analyze our present institutions with respect to the effect of each on man's major needs . END
asked which institution most needs correction , i would say the corporation as it exists in america today . END
at first glance this appears strange : of all people , was not america founded by rugged UNK who established a new way of life still inspiring `` undeveloped '' societies abroad ? ? END
but hear UNK e. salisbury , former moscow correspondent of the new york times , and author of `` to moscow -- and beyond '' . END
in a book review of `` the soviet cultural offensive '' , he says , `` long before the state department organized its bureaucracy into an east-west contacts staff in order to wage a cultural UNK within soviet borders , the sharp UNK of american culture had carved its mark across the russian UNK , as when the enterprising promoters of ' UNK and UNK ' UNK the state department to carry the contemporary ' cultural warfare ' behind the enemy lines . END
they were not diplomats or jazz musicians , or even UNK of UNK and UNK displays , but rugged capitalist UNK like henry ford , hugh cooper , thomas campbell , the international UNK co. , and david w. griffith . END
their kind created an american culture superior to any in the world , an industrial and technological culture which penetrated russia as it did almost every corner of the earth without a nickel from the federal treasury or a single governmental specialist to UNK directives or program a series of UNK of interested agencies . END
this favorable image of america in the minds of russian men and women is still there despite years of energetic UNK propaganda '' END
perhaps the public's present attitude toward business stems from the fact that the `` rugged capitalist entrepreneur '' no more exists in america . END
in his stead is a UNK version known as `` the corporation '' . END
but even if we cannot see the repulsive characteristics in this new image of america , foreigners can ; ; END
and our loss of `` prestige '' abroad is the direct result . END
no amount of UNK will cover up the UNK facts . END
if we want respect from ourselves or others , we will have to earn it . END
first , let us realize that whatever good this UNK achieved in earlier times , now the corporation per se cannot take economic leadership . END
businesses must develop as a result of the ideas , energies and ambitions of an individual having purpose and comprehensive ability within one mind . END
when we `` forced '' individuals to assume the corporate structure by means of taxes and other legal statutes , we adopted what i would term `` UNK '' and so took a major step toward socialism . END
the biggest loss , of course , was the individual's lessened desire and ability to give his services to the growth of his company and our economy . END
socialism , i grant , has a definite place in our society . END
but let us not complain of the evils of capitalism by referring to a form that is not truly UNK . END
some forms of capitalism do indeed work -- superb organizations , a credit to any society . END
but the UNK which dictates our whole economy as well as our politics and social life , will not stand close scrutiny . END
its pretense to operate in the public interest is little more than a UNK . END
it serves only its own stockholders and poorly at that . END
as a creative enterprise , its abilities are primarily in `` UNK '' creative enterprises developed outside its own organization ( an ability made possible by us , and almost mandatory ) . END
as to benefits to employees , it is notorious for its callous disregard except where it depends on them for services . END
the corporation in america is in reality our form of socialism , UNK in a sense with the other UNK form that has emerged within governmental bureaucracy . END
but while the corporation has all the disadvantages of the socialist form of organization ( so UNK it cannot UNK do much of anything not compatible with its need to perpetuate itself and maintain its status quo ) , UNK it does not have the desirable aspect of socialism , the motivation to operate for the benefit of society as a whole . END
so we are faced with a vast network of amorphous entities perpetuating themselves in whatever manner they can , without regard to the needs of society , controlling society and forcing upon it a regime representing only the corporation's needs for survival . END
the corporation has a limited , specific place in our society . END
ideally speaking , it should be allowed to operate only where the public has a great stake in the continuity of supply or services , and where the actions of a single proprietor are secondary to the needs of society . END
examples are in public utilities , making military aircraft and accessories , or where the investment and risk for a proprietorship would be too great for a much needed project impossible to achieve by any means other than the corporate form , e.g. constructing major airports or UNK . END
thus , if corporations are not to run away with us , they must become UNK institutions , subject to public control and needs . END
in all other areas , private initiative of the `` proprietorship '' type should be urged to produce the desired goods and services . END
avoiding runaway technology can be done only by assuring a humane society ; ; END
and for this human beings must be firmly in control of the economics on which our society rests . END
such genuine human leadership the proprietorship can offer , corporations cannot . END
it can project long-range goals for itself . END
corporations react violently to UNK stimuli , e.g. , quarterly and annual dividend reports . END
UNK can establish a unity and integrity of control ; ; END
corporations , being more amorphous , cannot . END
UNK can establish a meaningful identity , representing a human personality , and thus establish sincere relationships with customers and community . END
corporations are apt by nature to be impersonal , inhumane , shortsighted and almost exclusively UNK , a picture they could scarcely afford to present to the public . END
the proprietor is able to create a leadership impossible in the corporate structure with its board of directors and stockholders . END
leadership is lacking in our society because it has no legitimate place to develop . END
men continuously at the head of growing enterprises can acquire experiences of the most varied , complicated and trying type so that at UNK they have developed the competence and willingness to accept the personal responsibility so UNK needed now . END
hence government must establish greater controls upon corporations so that their activities promote what is deemed essential to the national interest . END
UNK should get the tax advantages now accruing to corporations , e.g. the chance to UNK capital so vital for growth . END
corporations should pay added taxes , to be used for educational purposes ( not necessarily of the formal type ) . END
the right to leave UNK should be substantially reduced and ultimately eliminated . END
to perpetuate wealth control led by small groups of individuals who played no role in its creation prevents those with real initiative from coming to the fore , and is basically UNK . END
when the proprietor dies , the establishment should become a corporation until it is either acquired by another proprietor or the government decides to drop it . END
strikes should be declared illegal against corporations because UNK would have to be settled by government representatives acting as UNK of the corporation whose responsibility to the state would now be defined against proprietorship because employees and proprietors must be completely interdependent , as they are each a part of the whole . END
strikes threatening the security of the proprietorship , if internally motivated , prevent a healthy relationship . END
certainly external forces should not be applied arbitrarily out of mere power available to do so . END
if we cannot stop warfare in our own economic system , how can we expect to abolish it internationally ? ? END
these proposals would go far toward creating the economic atmosphere favoring growth of the individual , who , in turn , would help us to cope with runaway technology . END
individual human strength is needed to pit against an inhuman condition . END
the battle is not easy . END
we are tempted to blame others for our problems rather than look them straight in the face and realize they are of our own making and possible of solution only by ourselves with the help of desperately needed , enlightened , competent leaders . END
persons developed in today's corporations cannot hope to serve here -- a judgment based on experiences of my own in business and in activities outside . END
in my own company , in effect a partnership , although legally a corporation , i have been able to do many things for my employees which `` normal '' corporations of comparable size and nature would have been unable to do . END
also , i am convinced that if my company were a sole proprietorship instead of a partnership , i would have been even UNK to solve long-range problems for myself and my UNK . END
any abilities i may have were achieved in their present shape from experience in sharing in the growth and control of my business , coupled with raising my family . END
this combined experience , on a foundation of very average , i assure you , intelligence and background , has helped me do things many well-informed people would bet heavily against . END
perhaps a list of some of the `` practices '' of my company will help here . END
the company grew out of efforts by two completely inexperienced men in their late twenties , neither having a formal education applicable to , or experience in , manufacturing or selling our type of articles . END
from an initial investment of UNK in 1943 , it has grown , with no additional capital investment , to a present value estimated by some as exceeding UNK ( we don't disclose financial figures to the public ) . END
its growth continues steadily on a par with past growth ; ; END
and no limitation is in evidence . END
our UNK UNK and UNK nuts achieved dominance in just a few years time , despite substantial , well established competition . END
during the last years of woodrow UNK administration , a red UNK developed in our country . END
many americans reacted UNK to the challenge of russia and turned to the repression of ideas by force . END
postmaster general UNK set about to protect the american people against radical propaganda that might be spread through the mails . END
attorney general palmer made a series of raids that sent more than UNK so-called radicals to the UNK , in direct violation of their constitutional rights . END
then , not many years later , the un-american activities committee , under the leadership of martin dies , UNK hundreds of decent , patriotic citizens . END
anyone who tried to remedy some of the most glaring defects in our form of democracy was denounced as a UNK red whose real purpose was the destruction of our government . END
this hysteria reached its height under the leadership of senator joseph mccarthy . END
UNK of this sort found communist UNK UNK behind any new idea that would run counter to stereotyped notions . END
new ideas were dangerous and must be UNK , no matter how . END
those who would suppress dangerous thoughts , credit ideas with high potency . END
they give strict interpretation to william UNK statement that `` every idea that enters the mind tends to express itself '' . END
they seem to believe that a person will act automatically as soon as he contacts something new . END
hence , the only UNK procedure is to UNK any and every notion , unless it gives evidence that it is perfectly safe . END
despite this danger , however , we are informed on every hand that ideas , not machines , are our finest tools ; ; END
they are priceless even though they cannot be recorded on a ledger page ; ; END
they are the most valuable of commodities -- and the most UNK , for their demand far exceeds supply . END
so all-important are ideas , we are told , that persons successful in business and happy in social life usually fall into two classes : those who invent new ideas of their own , and those who borrow , beg , or steal from others . END
seemingly , with an UNK flow of ideas , all will be well , and we are even assured that `` an idea a day will keep the sheriff away '' . END
that , however , may also bring the police , if the thinking does not meet with social approval . END
criminals , as well as model citizens , exercise their minds . END
merely having a mental image of some sort is not the all-important consideration . END
of course , there must be clarity : a single distinct impression is more valuable than many fuzzy ones . END
but clarity is not enough . END
the writer took a class of college students to the state hospital for the mentally ill in st. joseph , missouri . END
an UNK , a former university professor , UNK to us , logically and clearly , that someone was UNK his thoughts . END
he appealed to us to bring his case to the attention of the authorities that justice might be done . END
despite the clarity of his presentation , his idea was not of UNK UNK . END
true , ideas are important , perhaps life's most precious treasures . END
but have we not gone overboard in stressing their significance ? ? END
have we not actually developed idea worship ? ? END
ideas we must have , and we seek them everywhere . END
we UNK literature for them ; ; END
here we find stored the wisdom of great minds . END
but are all these works worthy of consideration ? ? END
can they stand rigid scrutiny ? ? END
shakespeare's wit and wisdom , his profound insight into human nature , have stood the test of centuries . END
but was he UNK in all things ? ? END
what of his treatment of the jew in the merchant of venice ? ? END
shakespeare gives us a vivid picture of shylock , but probably he never saw a jew , unless in some of his travels . END
the jews had been banished from england in UNK and were not permitted to return before UNK , when shakespeare had been dead for UNK years . END
if any had escaped expulsion by hiding , they certainly would not frequent the UNK . END
shakespeare did not usually invent the incidents in his plays , but borrowed them from old stories , ballads , and plays , UNK them together , and then breathed into them his spark of life . END
rather than from a UNK study of jewish people , his UNK of shylock stems from a collection of italian stories , UNK UNK , published in UNK , although written almost two centuries earlier . END
he could learn at second hand from books , but could not thus capture the real jewish spirit . END
harris j. UNK , in shaking the dust from shakespeare ( UNK ) , writes : `` there is not a word spoken by shylock which one would expect from a real jew '' . END
he took the story of the pound of flesh and had to fasten it on someone . END
the jew was the safest victim . END
no jew was on hand to boycott his financially struggling theater . END
it would have been UNK policy , for instance , to apply the UNK characterization to the UNK UNK . END
just as now anyone may UNK UNK at a citizen of mars , or even of UNK , and no UNK investigation will result . END
who cares about them ! ! END
shakespeare does not tell us that shylock was an aberrant individual . END
he sets him forth as being typical of the group . END
he tells of his `` jewish heart '' -- not a UNK heart ; ; END
but a jewish heart . END
this would make anyone UNK and cruel , capable of UNK revenge . END
there is no justification for such UNK . END
if living jews were unavailable for study , the bible was at hand . END
reading the old testament would have shown the UNK that the ideas attributed to shylock were UNK to the jews . END
are we better off for having shakespeare's idea of shylock ? ? END
studying the merchant of venice in high school and college has given many young people their notions about jews . END
does this help the UNK to understand this group ? ? END
thomas de UNK , UNK of the spanish UNK , put many persons to death . END
his name became synonymous with UNK cruelty . END
would we gain by keeping alive his memory and UNK today's roman catholics by saying he had a catholic heart ? ? END
let his bones and his memory rest in the fifteenth century where they belong ; ; END
he is out of place in our times . END
shakespeare's shylock , too , is of dubious value in the modern world . END
ideas , in and of themselves , are not necessarily the greatest good . END
a successful businessman recently UNK his address to a luncheon group with the statement that all economists should be sent to the hospitals for the mentally UNK where they and their theories might rot together . END
will his words come to be UNK and quoted through the years ? ? END
frequently we are given assurance that automatically all ideas will be UNK and UNK and in the end only the good ones will survive . END
but is that not like going to a chemistry laboratory and blindly pouring out liquids and powders from an array of bottles and then , after stirring , expecting a new wonder drug inevitably to result ? ? END
what of the efficiency of this natural instrument of free discussion ? ? END
is there some magic in it that assures results ? ? END
when peter b. UNK ( pride of UNK , 43 ) informed us in 1921 that we had an UNK dislike for the japanese , did the heated debates of the UNK settle the truth or UNK of the proposition ? ? END
the UNK spots came from the pen of thomas UNK in UNK , and in this he announced an `` UNK '' law . END
if a child had a single drop of negro blood , he would UNK to the ancestral line which , except as slaves under a superior race , had not made one step of progress in 3,000 years . END
that doctrine has been accepted by many , but has it produced good results ? ? END
in the same vein , a certain UNK plot has been UNK . END
the son and heir of a prominent family UNK a girl who has UNK shadows on the UNK of her finger nails . END
in time she presents her aristocratic husband with a UNK child . END
is the world better for having this idea thrust upon it ? ? END
will argument and debate decide its truth or UNK ? ? END
for answers to such questions we must turn to the UNK , the UNK , the historians , the psychologists , and the UNK . END
long ago they UNK the notions of UNK and UNK to the scrap heap . END
false ideas UNK another sector of our life . END
for several generations much fiction has appeared dealing with the UNK . END
the UNK , almost without exception , has been presented as a cruel UNK . END
children , conditioned by this mistaken notion , have feared UNK , while adults , by their antagonistic attitudes , have made the role of the substitute parents a difficult one . END
debate is not likely to resolve the tensions and make the lot of the UNK a happier one . END
research , on the other hand , has shown many UNK to be eminently successful , some far better than the real mothers . END
helen UNK informed us ( the psychology of women , UNK 2 , , UNK ) that in all cultures `` the term ' UNK ' automatically evokes UNK implications '' , a conclusion accepted by many . END
will mere debate on that proposition , even though it be free and untrammeled , remove the dross and leave a residue of refined gold ? ? END
that is questionable , to say the least . END
research into several cultures has proven her position to be a mistaken one . END
most assuredly ideas are invaluable . END
but ideas , just for the sake of having them , are not enough . END
in the 1930's , UNK for the depression literally flooded washington . END
for a time the president received hundreds of them every day , most of them UNK . END
ideas need to be tested , and not merely by argument and debate . END
when some question arises in the medical field concerning cancer , for instance , we do not turn to free and open discussion as in a political campaign . END
we have recourse to the UNK specialist in the laboratory . END
the merits of the UNK UNK UNK were not established on the forensic platform or in newspaper editorials , but in the laboratory and by tests in the field on thousands of children . END
our presidential campaigns provide much debate and argument . END
but is the result new UNK of tested knowledge on the basis of which we can with confidence solve our domestic and international problems ? ? END
man , we are told , is endowed with reason and is capable of distinguishing good from bad . END
but what a UNK task it is to UNK anything of value from the UNK arguments used so freely , particularly since such common use is made of cliches and UNK , in themselves UNK of intellectual bankruptcy . END
we are reminded , however , that freedom of thought and discussion , the unfettered exchange of ideas , is basic under our form of government . END
assuredly in our political campaigns there is freedom to think , to examine any and all issues , and to speak without restraint . END
no holds are barred . END
but have the results been heartening ? ? END
may we state with confidence that in such an exhibition a republic will find its greatest security ? ? END
we must not forget , to be sure , that free discussion and debate have produced beneficial results . END
in truth , we can say that this broke the power of senator joseph mccarthy , who was finally exposed in full light to the american people . END
if he had been `` liquidated '' in some way , he would have become a martyr , a UNK point for people who shared his ideas . END
debate in the political arena can be productive of good . END
but it is a clumsy and wasteful process : it can produce negative results but not much that is positive . END
debate rid us of mccarthy but did not give us much that is positive . END
it did something to clear the ground , but it erected no striking new structure ; ; END
it did not even provide the UNK plan for anything new . END
in the field of the natural sciences , scientifically verified data are quite readily available and any discussion can be shortened with good results . END
in the field of the social sciences a considerable fund of tested knowledge has been accumulated that can be used to good advantage . END
by no means would we discourage the production of ideas : they provide raw materials with which to work ; ; END
they provide UNK that lead to further production . END
we would establish no censorship . END
the president's personality would have opened that office to him . END
and for the first time a representative of the highest office in the land would have been liable to the charge that he had attempted to make it a UNK by inheritance . END
it is testimony to the deep respect in which mr. eisenhower was held by members of all parties that the moral considerations raised by his approach to the matter were not explicitly to be UNK . END
these began to be apparent in a press conference held during the second illness in order that the consulting specialists might clarify the president's condition for the nation . END
and if howard UNK felt impelled thereafter to formulate the ethics of the medical profession , his article in the atlantic monthly accomplished a good deal more . END
it forced us to fix the responsibility for the position in which all medical UNK had been placed . END
the discussion of professional ethics inevitably reminded us that in the historical perspective the president's decision will finally clarify itself as a moral , rather than a medical , problem . END
because the responsibility for UNK the issue lay with the president , rather than with his doctors , nothing raises more surely for us the difficulties simple goodness faces in dealing with complex moral problems under political pressure . END
for the president had dealt with the matter humbly , in what he conceived as the democratic way . END
but the problem is one which gives us the measure of a man , rather than a group of men , whether a group of doctors , a group of party members assembled at a dinner to give their opinion , or the masses of the voters . END
any attempt to reconcile this statement of the central issue in the campaign of 1956 with the nature of the man who could not conceive it as the central issue will at least resolve our confusions about the chaotic and misleading results of the UNK of both doctors and president in a situation which should never have arisen . END
it was a response to the conflict between political pressure and the moral intuition which resulted in attempts at prediction . END
in no other situation would a group of doctors , struggling competently to improve the life expectancy of a man beloved by the world , be subjected to such UNK and persistent questioning , and before they were prepared to demonstrate the kind of verbal precision which alone can clarify for mankind the problems it faces . END
and though we can look back now and see their errors , we can look back also to the ultimate error . END
it UNK in the press conferences : the president's remarks about his running developed a singular tone , one which we find in few statements made by public individuals on such a matter . END
the press conference became a stage which betrayed the drift of his private thinking , rather than his convictions . END
he commented -- thoughtfully , a reporter told us -- that it was `` not too important for the individual how he ends up '' . END
he gave us a UNK to explain his admission that even at the worst period of his second illness it never occurred to him there was any renewed question about his running : as in the battle of the bulge , he had no fears about the outcome until he read the american newspapers . END
yet the attitude that the fate of the presidency demands in such a situation is quite distinct from the simple courage that can proceed with battles to be fought , regardless of the consequences . END
in this case others should not have had to raise the doubts and fears . END
the presidency demands an incisive awareness of the larger implications of the death of any incumbent . END
it is of the utmost importance to the people of america and of the world how their governing president `` ends up '' during the four years of his term . END
only when that term is ended and he is a private citizen again can he be permitted the freedom and the courage to discount the dangers of his death . END
ironically enough , in this instance such personal virtues were a luxury . END
at the national and international level , then , what is the highest kind of morality for the private citizen represents an instance of political immorality . END
and we had the uneasy sense that the UNK between the moral and the political progressed amid the events which concern us . END
for the tone of the editorials which greeted mr. eisenhower's original announcement of his running had been strangely UNK . END
neither the vibrant enthusiasm which UNK a people's intuitive sense of the fitness of things at climactic moments nor the vital UNK UNK its sense that something significant has UNK was in evidence . END
nothing UNK more clearly to that UNK than the peculiar editorial page appearing in a july issue of life magazine , the issue which also carried the second announcement of the candidacy . END
the double editorial on two aspects of `` the u.s. spirit '' was subtly calculated to suggest a moral sanction for UNK great as well as small , reflecting popular approval of this questionable attitude toward the highest office in the land . END
`` the moral creed '' and `` the will to risk '' live happily together , if we do not examine where the line is to be drawn . END
`` i may possibly be a greater risk than is the normal person of my age '' , the president had said on february 29th of the election year , ignoring the fact that no one of his age had ever lived out another term . END
`` my doctors assure me that this increased percentage of risk is not great '' . END
but by the time the risk was doubled , events had dismissed from his mind both increased percentages and a previously stated intention of considering carefully anything more serious than a bout of UNK . END
only UNK did the situation color his thinking . END
ironically no president we have had would have regretted more than president eisenhower the possibility to which his own words , in the press conference held at the beginning of august , testified : that unable as he was himself to say his running was best for the country , unconsciously he had placed his party before his nation . END
so it is that we UNK his opening statement in the first television address with the dramatic immediacy of the present . END
no consideration of risk urges itself upon him now : for this is what the mind does with the ideas on which it has not properly UNK . END
yet with a mind less shallow , if less sharp , than some of the UNK UNK which back him , he feels what he cannot formulate ; ; END
and we watch him amid the overtones which suggest he could never in any conscience urge a risk upon the voters . END
moving as he is into the phase of the campaign which demands conviction of him , he UNK a position that is morally UNK . END
he UNK to the mercy of god the peace which this personal matter -- the assurance that he can physically sustain the burden of the office longer than any individual in the history of our nation has been able to do -- has brought him . END
what is simply an opinion formed in defiance of the laws of human probability , whether or not it is later confirmed , has become by september of the election year `` a firm conviction '' . END
as a means of UNK a discussion which ought to have taken place , the statement is an effective one : we sympathize with the universal confusion which gives rise to such convictions . END
but it is also the climax to one of the UNK chapters in our current political history . END
in assigning to god the responsibility which he learned could not rest with his doctors , eisenhower gave evidence of that weakening of the moral intuition which was to characterize his administration in the years to follow . END
in any other man this reassurance to the UNK would have caused us a profound moral shock . END
about this man we had to think twice . END
we knew that it was , as reassurance , the ironic fruit of a deeply moral nature . END
but the fact remains that even the unconscious acceptance of himself as a man of destiny UNK protected must be UNK in any man who UNK the responsibility for his major decisions , and thus for imposing his will on the people . END
and in the context of drifting personal UNK we have examined , there was occasional evidence of the origin of all such UNK . END
when the possibility that he had not given reconsideration to so weighty a decision seemed to UNK his UNK , mr. eisenhower was known to make his characteristic statement to the press that he was not going to talk about the matter any more . END
thinking had stopped ; ; END
it was not to be resumed . END
the portrait that had developed , UNK but consistently , was the portrait of a man to whom serious thinking is alien enough that the making of a decision UNK , when it does not forestall , any ability to review the decision in the light of new evidence . END
this does not mean that the decision to run for office should inevitably have been UNK . END
instead it means that the thinking in which decision issues has the power to determine the morality of the decision , as in this instance the pressure for renewed practical or legislative attention to the constitutional problems the decision had uncovered might have done . END
drifting through a third illness , apparently without any provision for the handling of a major national emergency other than a talk with the vice-president , eisenhower revealed the UNK static quality of his thinking . END
despite three warnings , no sense of moral urgency impelled him to distinguish his situation , and thus his responsibilities , from UNK . END
by contrast , the energetic reaction of the leader to the full demands his decision imposes upon him strengthens the moral intuition and gives us the measure of the man . END
only by means of an intensive preoccupation with the detailed considerations following from any decision can he ensure attention to the practical details to be dealt with if the implications of immorality in the major decision are effectively to be checked . END
in the incessant struggle with UNK political fact he learns to focus the essence of a problem in the significant detail , and to articulate the distinctions which clarify the detail as significant , with what is sometimes astounding rapidity . END
like lincoln , he can distinguish his relation to god from the constitutional responsibilities a questionable decision UNK of him . END
like roosevelt , he can distinguish an attitude toward a russian leader he may share with a host of americans from the responsibilities diplomatic convention may impose upon him . END
he chooses to subordinate one to the other , sometimes reluctantly , accepting criticism for the lesser UNK facts breed . END
the very nature of a choice so grounded in distinction and fact leads to the valid convictions which become force of will in the manifest leader . END
the capacity for making the distinctions of which diplomacy is compact , and the facility with language which can render them into validity in the eyes of other men are the leader's means for UNK the moral intuition into moral leadership . END
the making of distinctions , like the perception of the great distinctions made , is an UNK difficult business . END
lincoln's slow progress towards the several marking his achievement is even now UNK as such , and loosely interpreted as the UNK of UNK with vision . END
but because it is the function of the mind to turn the one into the other by means of the capacities with which words UNK it , we do not UNK examine the type of distinction , in the sphere of politics , on which decisions hang . END
only recently , and perhaps because a television debate can so effectively UNK president kennedy's extraordinary mastery of detail , have the abilities on which the capacity for making distinctions depend begun to be clearly discernible at the level of politics . END
in his recent evaluation of kennedy's potentialities for leadership , walter UNK has cited the `` precision '' of his mind , his `` immense command '' of factual detail , and his `` instinct for the crucial point '' as impressive in the extreme ; ; END
and it is surely clear that the first of these is the result of the way in which the individual's command of language UNK with the other two . END
for this change is not a change from one positive position to another , but a change from order and truth to disorder and negation . END
the UNK division , we might observe in passing , is not of itself directly involved in a private interest conflict nor even in struggle between ruling groups . END
rather it is rooted in a difference of response to the threat of social disintegration . END
the division is not between those who wish to preserve what they have and those who want change . END
rather it is a division established by two absolutely different ways of thought with regard to man's life in society . END
these ways are absolutely UNK because they offer two different UNK for man's redemption from chaos . END
the civilizational crisis , the third type of change raises the question `` what are we to do '' ? ? END
on the most primitive level . END
for the answer cannot be derived from any socially cohesive element in the UNK community . END
there is no socially existential answer to the question . END
for the truth formerly experienced by the community no longer has existential status in the community , nor does any answer UNK by philosophers or UNK . END
in this phase of change , no idea has social acceptance and so none has ontological status in the community . END
an UNK UNK in which not men but ideas compete for existence . END
if we examine the three types of change from the point of view of their internal structure we find an additional profound difference between the third and the first two , one that accounts for the notable difference between the responses they evoke . END
the first two types of change occur within the inward and UNK structure of the society . END
the first involves a simple shift of interests in the society . END
the second involves something deeper , but its characteristic form UNK on a shift in policy for the community , not in the truth on which the community rests . END
thus in both types attention is focused on the community itself , and its UNK life . END
the third type , however , UNK attention from the life of action and interests in the community and UNK it on the ground of being on which the community depends for its existence . END
UNK has analyzed this experience in the case of the stable , healthy community . END
there the community , faced with the need to formulate policy on the level of absolute justice , can find the answer to its problem in the absolute truth which it holds as partially experienced . END
this , however , cannot be done by a community whose very experience of truth is confused and incoherent : it has no absolute standard , and consequently cannot distinguish the absolute from the UNK . END
it has lost its ground of being and UNK in a mist of appearances . END
UNK and equality are its characteristic diseases . END
precisely at the moment when it has lost its vision the mind of the community turns out from itself in a search for the ontological standard whereby it can measure itself . END
for UNK history `` breaks '' rather than unfolds precisely when the movement is from order to disorder , and not from one order to a new order . END
the UNK split , to define it further , derives from a basic difference concerning the existential status of standard sought and about the spiritual experience that leads to its identification . END
when disruptive change has penetrated to the third level of social order , the process of UNK rapidly reaches a point of no return . END
indeed , it is probable that this point is reached the moment the third level of change begins . END
at that point we reach the `` closed '' historical situation : the situation in which man is no longer free to return to a status quo UNK . END
at that point men become aware of the mystery of history called variously `` fate '' , or `` destiny '' , or `` providence '' , and feel themselves caught UNK in the writhing of a disrupted society . END
the reasons for this experience are rooted in the metaphysical characteristics of such a change . END
of all forms of being , society , or community , has the greatest element of UNK . END
its ontological status is itself most tenuous because apart from individual men , who are its `` matter '' , tradition , the `` form '' of society exists only as a shared perception of truth . END
the ontological status of society thus is constituted by the psychological status of UNK members . END
the content of that psychological status determines , ultimately , the content of civilization . END
those social , civilizational factors not rooted in the human spirit of the group , ultimately cease to exist . END
civilization itself -- tradition -- falls out of existence when the human spirit itself becomes confused . END
civilization is what man has made of himself . END
its massive contours are rooted in the simple need of man , since he is always incomplete , to complete himself . END
it is not enough for man to be an ontological UNK . END
he needs existential completion , he needs , that is , to move in the direction of completion . END
and the direction of that movement is determined by his perception of the truth about himself . END
he must , consequently , exist as a UNK UNK , developing agent , or he does not exist as man . END
thus , it is no mystical intuition , but an UNK conception to say that man and his tradition can `` fall out of existence '' . END
this happens at the moment man loses the perception of moral substance in himself , of a nature that , in UNK words , is perceived as a `` UNK of intelligible necessities '' . END
an UNK is a man who UNK himself only as `` UNK '' , as existence without substance . END
thus human perception and human UNK is the UNK cause of all social change and this most truly when the change reaches the civilizational level . END
thus with regard to the loss of tradition , in the change from order to disorder the metaphysics of change works itself out as a UNK of the individual soul , a change in which man continues as an objective ontological existent , but no longer as a man . END
further , change is a form of motion , it occurs as the act of a being in potency insofar as it is in potency and has not yet reached the UNK of the change . END
with regard to the change we are examining , the question is , at what point does the change become UNK ? ? END
a number of considerations suggest that this occurs early in the process . END
change involves the displacement of form . END
this means that the inception of change itself can begin only when the factors UNK to change have already become more powerful than those UNK the existent form in being . END
if the existent form is to be retained new factors that reinforce it must be introduced into the situation . END
in the case of social decay , form is UNK simply by the process of UNK with no form at the UNK of the process . END
now in the mere fact of the beginning of such displacement we have UNK evidence of the ontological weakness of the fading form . END
and when we consider the tenuous hold tradition has on existence , any weakening of that hold constitutes a crisis of existence . END
the retention of a tradition confronted with such a crisis UNK the introduction of new spiritual forces into the situation . END
however , the crisis occurs precisely as a weakening of spiritual forces . END
it would seem , therefore , that in a civilizational crisis man cannot save himself . END
the UNK of the crisis itself would seem to constitute a UNK for the victory of disorder . END
and it would seem that history is a witness to this truth . END
as a further characterization of the liberal conservative split we may observe that it involves differences in the formula for escaping UNK in history . END
these differences , in turn , derive from prior differences concerning the friendly or hostile character of change . END
anxiety and deep insecurity are the characteristic responses evoked by the crisis in tradition . END
to experience them , it is not necessary for a people to be actively aware of what is happening to it . END
the process of erosion need only undermine the tradition and a series of consequences begin unfolding within the individual , while in institutions a quiet but deep transformation of processes occurs . END
within the individual the reaction has been called various names , all , however , pointing to the same basic experience . END
UNK identifies it as being `` UNK '' , UNK as being `` UNK '' , UNK as being `` lonely '' . END
others call it `` alienation '' , and mean by that no simple economic experience ( as marx does ) but a deep spiritual sense of UNK . END
within institutions there is a marked decline of the process of persuasion and the UNK of a UNK process which UNK as the earlier one of persuasion . END
we note the use of rhetoric as a weapon , the manipulation of the masses by propaganda , the `` mobilization '' of effort and resources . END
within this context of spontaneous and UNK responses to the experience of civilizational crisis , two basic organizations of response are UNK : reaction and ideological UNK . END
these responses are explicable in terms of characteristics inherent in the crisis . END
both are UNK destined to fail . END
the response of reaction is dominated by a concern for what is vanishing . END
its essence lies in its attempt to recover previous order through the repression of disruptive forces . END
to this end political authority is called upon to exercise its negative and UNK powers . END
the implicit assumption of this response is that history is reversible . END
seemingly , order is perceived as a kind of UNK entity now covered by UNK UNK . END
the problem is to remove the UNK and thereby uncover the order that was always there . END
such a response , of course , misses the point that in crisis order is going out of existence . END
moreover its posture of stubborn but simple resistance is doomed to failure because of the metaphysical weakness of the existent form of order , once the activation of change has reached visible proportions . END
the most reaction can achieve is UNK , and a UNK that can be maintained only by the expenditure of an effort which ultimately UNK itself . END
despite the UNK of the response , it is explicable in terms of the crisis of tradition itself . END
since a civilizational crisis involves also a crisis in private interests and in the ruling class , reaction is normally found among those who feel themselves to be among the ruling class . END
their great error is to UNK the responses typical of each of the three types of change . END
since civilizational change is the most difficult to perceive and analyze , it seldom is given adequate attention . END
and the anxiety it generates is UNK as anxiety over private interest and threatened social status . END
the basic truth in the reactionary response is to be found in its realistic assumption of the primacy of the real over the UNK . END
but this truth is distorted by its extreme application : the assumption of the separate existence of tradition . END
the reactionary misses the point that tradition exists UNK only in the form of UNK relations . END
reactionary theories , for this reason , usually assume some form of UNK theory . END
in its defensive formulations , the theory will attack conscious change on the grounds of the independent existence of the community . END
in its dynamic form , it UNK the community as the embodiment of an ontological force -- the race , for instance , which unfolds in history . END
in both cases the individual tends to be treated as an instrument of the organic reality . END
when the reactionary response is thus UNK by an intellectual defense , the characteristics of that defense are explicable only in terms of the basic attitudes of UNK reaction . END
reaction is rooted in a perception of tradition as a whole . END
it is a total situation that is defended : the `` good old days '' . END
there is no UNK ; ; END
even the questionable features of the past are defended . END
the point is that the reactionary , for whatever motive , UNK himself to have been part or a partner of something that extended beyond himself , something which , consequently , he was not able to accept or reject on the basis of subjective preference . END
the reactionary is confused about the existential status of a decaying tradition , but he does perceive the unity tradition had when it was healthy . END
all of which brings up another problem in the use of psychoanalytic insight in a literary work . END
is the oedipus complex , the clinical UNK , material for a tragedy ? ? END
if we remove ourselves for a moment from our time and our infatuation with mental disease , isn't there something absurd about a hero in a novel who is defeated by his UNK neurosis ? ? END
i am not making a clinical judgment here , for such personal tragedies are real and are commonplace in the UNK consulting room , but literature makes a different claim upon our sympathies than tragedy in life . END
a man in a novel who is defeated in his childhood and condemned by unconscious forces within him to UNK repeat his earliest failure in love , only makes us a little weary of man ; ; END
his tragedy seems unworthy and trivial . END
now we can argue that the irresistible fate of oedipus rex was nothing more than the irresistible unconscious UNK of oedipus projected outward , but this UNK of unconscious conflict makes all the difference between a story and a clinical case history . END
we can also argue that the three brothers karamazov and UNK were the external representatives of an internal conflict within one man , UNK , a conflict having to do with UNK and the wish to possess the father's woman . END
but a novel in which one man karamazov explored the divisions within his personality would scarcely merit publication in the psychoanalytic quarterly . END
it is a mistake to look upon the oedipus of oedipus complex as a literary UNK of oedipus rex . END
whatever the psychological truth in the oedipus myth , an oedipus who is drawn to his fate by irresistible external forces can carry the symbol of humanity and its archaic crime , and the incest that is UNK UNK the mystery of the eternal dream of childhood and UNK us in the secret . END
but a modern oedipus who is doomed because he cannot oppose his own childhood is only pathetic , and for UNK the mystery in favor of psychological truth he gives up the claim on our sympathies . END
i am suggesting that a UNK approach to the oedipus complex is a blind alley for a storyteller . END
the best gifts of the novelist will be wasted on the reader who is insulated against any surprises the novelist may have in store for him . END
incest is still a durable theme , but if it wants to get written about it will have to find ways to surprise the emotions , and there is no better way to do this than that of UNK and symbolic representation . END
and the best way to conceal and disguise the elements of an incest story is not to set out to write an incest story . END
which brings to mind another lawrence story and some interesting comparisons in the treatment of the oedipal theme . END
`` the rocking horse winner '' is also a story about a boy's love for his mother . END
if i now risk some comparisons with sons and lovers let it be clear that i am not comparing the two works or judging their merits ; ; END
i am only UNK out differences in treatment of a theme and the resultant effects . END
`` the rocking horse winner '' is a fantasy with extraordinary power to disturb the reader -- but we do not know why . END
it is the story of the hopeless love of a little boy for his cold and vain mother . END
there are UNK scenes in which the little boy on his rocking horse rocks madly toward the climax that will UNK give him the name of the winning horse . END
the child grows rich on his UNK and UNK with his uncle to make secret gifts of his money to his mother . END
the story ends in the child's illness and UNK brought on by the feverish compulsion to ride his horse to win for his mother . END
the child dies with his mourning mother at his bedside . END
i had read the story many times without asking myself why it affected me or caring why it did . END
but on one occasion when i encountered a similar fantasy in a little boy who was my patient i began to understand the uncanny effects of this story . END
it was , of course , a little boy's fantasy of winning his mother to himself , and replacing the father who could not give her the things she wanted -- a classical oedipal fantasy if you like -- but if it were only this the story would be UNK . END
why does the story affect us ? ? END
how does the rocking exert its uncanny effect upon the reader ? ? END
the rocking is actually felt in the story , a terrible and ominous rhythm that UNK the tragedy . END
the rocking , i realized , is the single element in the story that carries the erotic message , the UNK and unconscious UNK that would mar the innocence of a child's fantasy and disturb the effects of the work if it were made explicit . END
the rocking has the ambiguous function of keeping the erotic UNK silent and making it present ; ; END
it UNK and yet is suggestive ; ; END
and if we understand the rocking as an erotic symbol we can also see how well it serves as the symbol of impending tragedy . END
for this love of the boy for his mother is a hopeless and forbidden love , doomed by its nature . END
we are also struck by the fact that this story of a boy's love for his mother does not offend , while the UNK love of the man , paul UNK , sometimes UNK . END
it's easy to see why . END
this love belongs to childhood ; ; END
we accord it its place there , and in UNK treatment we are given the innocent fantasy of a child , in fact , the form in which oedipal love is expressed in childhood . END
and when the child dies in UNK story in a UNK that is somehow brought on by his mania to win and to make his mother rich , the manifest absurdity of such a disease and such a death does not enter into our thoughts at all . END
we have so completely entered the child's fantasy that his illness and his death are the plausible and the necessary conclusion . END
i am sure that none of the effects of this story were consciously employed by lawrence to describe an oedipal fantasy in childhood . END
it is most probable that freud and the oedipus complex never entered his head in the writing of this story . END
he was simply writing a story that wanted to be told , and in the writing a childhood fantasy of his own emerged . END
he would not have cared why it emerged , he only wanted to capture a memory to play with it again in his imagination and somehow to fix and hold in the story the disturbing emotions that accompanied the fantasy . END
in our own time we have seen that the UNK debt to psychoanalysis has increased but that the novel itself has not UNK much from this marriage . END
UNK hope that modern psychology might yet bring forth a last flowering of the novel has only been partially fulfilled . END
the young writer seems UNK by psychological knowledge ; ; END
he has lost confidence in his own eyes and in the validity of his own psychological insights . END
he UNK the insights of psychology to improve his impaired vision but cannot bring to his work the distinctive vision that should be a UNK own . END
he has been UNK by the UNK of the unconscious and has lost interest in studying the surfaces of character . END
if many of the characters in contemporary novels appear to be the UNK relations of characters in a case history it is because the novelist is often UNK today that those things that we call character manifest themselves in surface behavior , that the ego is still the executive agency of personality , and that all we know of personality must be UNK through the ego . END
the novelist who has been badly baptized in psychoanalysis often gives us the impression that since all men must have an oedipus complex all men must have the same faces . END
i have argued that oedipus of the oedipus complex has a doubtful future as a tragic figure in literature . END
but a writer who has a taste for irony and who sees incest in all its modern dimensions can let his imagination work on the disturbing joke in the incest myth , the joke that strikes right at the center of man's UNK . END
moral dread is seen as the other face of desire , and here psychoanalysis delivers to the writer a magnificent irony and a moral problem of great complexity . END
there is probably some significance in the fact that two of the best incest stories i have encountered in recent years are UNK of the incest myth . END
the ancient types are UNK in gloom and foreboding to be UNK drawn to their UNK , but the myth fails before the modern truth ; ; END
the UNK speaks false and the dream speaks true . END
in both the farmer's tale in ralph UNK invisible man and in thomas mann's the holy sinner , the incest hero rises above the myth by accepting the wish as motive ; ; END
the heroic act is the casting off of pretense . END
thomas UNK wrote the holy sinner in 1951 . END
it was conceived as a UNK , a kind of melancholy UNK of the myths of the west , `` UNK die UNK UNK , UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK '' . END
he chose a medieval legend of incest , UNK UNK stein , and freely borrowed and UNK other myths of the west , mixing themes , language , peoples and times in a master myth in which the old forms continually renew themselves , as in his previous treatment of joseph . END
but the holy sinner is not simply a UNK of old stories for an old man's entertainment . END
UNK understood better than most men the incest comedy at the center of the myth and the psychological truth in which dread is shown as the other face as longing was for him just the kind of deep and complicated joke he liked to tell . END
and when he UNK the legend of UNK he UNK a modern version in which the medieval players speak contemporary thoughts in archaic language ; ; END
while they move through the UNK of the ancient incest myth and cover themselves through UNK , they reveal the unconscious motive in seeking each other and in the last scene make an extraordinary confession of guilt in the twentieth-century manner . END
grigorss is the child of an UNK union between a royal brother and sister , the twins sibylla and UNK . END
he is born in secrecy after the death of his father and cast UNK soon after birth . END
the infant is discovered by a fisherman who brings him home to rear him . END
an ivory UNK in the UNK UNK UNK the story of his UNK origins and is preserved for the child by the monks of a UNK in the fishing village . END
grigorss , at seventeen , learns his story and goes forth as a knight to uncover his origins . END
his sailing vessel is guided by fate to the shores of his own country at a time when UNK domain is overrun by the armies of one of her rejected UNK . END
grigorss overcomes the UNK in battle , delivers the city from its UNK and UNK sibylla who had fallen in love with the beautiful knight the moment she saw him . END
sibylla is pregnant with their second child when she finds the ivory UNK concealed by her husband , and the identities of mother and son are revealed . END
grigorss goes off to do penance on a rock for seventeen years . END
at the end of this period two pious christians in rome receive the revelation which leads them to seek the next pope on the rock . END
grigorss comes to rome and becomes a great and beloved pope . END
in the last pages of the book sibylla comes to rome to seek an audience with the great pope and to give her confession . END
mother and son recognize each other and , in mann's version of this legend , make a remarkable confession of guilt to each other , the confession of unconscious motive and unconscious knowledge of their true identities from the time they had first set eyes on each other . END
in recollection he has said : `` natural or man-made objects kept coming into my head , but i would suppress them UNK '' . END
moreover , he organized the movement of his forms , within his rigorously shaped space , into highly complex UNK ; ; END
and used UNK of color value as well as sharply contrasting elementary colors . END
the worthy UNK , seeing these pictures , said in a tone of kindly UNK : `` but you are really an artist of the naturalistic tradition '' ! ! END
helion did not realize it at the time , but it was true . END
his `` monumental '' abstraction , made up of smooth , metallic `` UNK '' acting upon each other with great tension , won helion much acclaim during the UNK . END
the play of novel lighting effects also entered into these compositions , whose controlled power and varied activity made them well worth UNK . END
as UNK work showed more and more nostalgia for the world of man and nature , the pure UNK expressed some disapproval ; ; END
but UNK , arp , UNK and alexander UNK , at the time , gave him their blessing . END
his canvases nowadays bore titles frankly declaring them to be `` figures in space '' , or `` blue figure '' , or `` pink figure '' ; ; END
and they had ( vaguely ) heads and feet . END
exhibited in shows in london in 1935 , and in new york the following year , the new , more UNK abstracts were much favored in the circles of the UNK as UNK dramas of great intellectual UNK . END
at this period the UNK old helion was ranked `` as one of the mature leaders of the modern movement '' , according to herbert read , `` and in the direct line of descent from UNK , UNK , UNK and UNK '' . END
in america , meyer UNK observed that , unlike the UNK school , helion `` sought a return path to the fullness of nature within the framework of abstract art '' . END
it is notable that at this time he was writing with admiration of UNK and UNK way of filling space . END
abstract art was still the right path for him ; ; END
but , he held , instead of continuing as an `` art of reduction '' , it must grow , must make a place for the contributions of the UNK and UNK as well as for those of the early UNK and UNK . END
later helion wrote of this phase : `` for years i built for myself a subtle instrument of relationships -- colors and forms without a name . END
i played on it my secret songs , unexplained , passionate and peaceful '' . END
but his own work was UNK further . END
the extreme limitations he sensed in all current abstract art made that seem to him increasingly UNK and cold . END
he was engaged in constant experiments that searched for new directions . END
where would it all lead ? ? END
he himself did not know , as he said in 1935 . END
but he was `` afraid of the future -- he would in fact welcome a way back to social integration , a functional art of some kind '' . END
during the 1920's the UNK , the german UNK group of industrial designers , and the new architects all had the dream of some well ordered utopia , or welfare state , in which their neat and logical constructions might find their proper place . END
but whereas the postwar american UNK seem to helion to be determined to `` escape '' from the real world , or simply to rebel against it , the ordered abstractions which he and his associates of the 1930's were painting embodied the hope of `` improving '' things . END
`` we were possessed by visions of a new civilization to come , very pure and elevated '' , he has said , `` in fact some ideal form of socialism such as we had dreamed of since the war of UNK '' . END
instead of this the 1930's witnessed a tragic economic depression , the rise of UNK UNK in europe , the wasting civil war in spain . END
very much the political man , helion felt himself deeply affected by the increasingly pessimistic atmosphere of france and all europe , whose foundations seemed to him more and more shaky . END
in 1936 he decided to UNK to america . END
the UNK america was a haven of liberalism and progress and seemed to him to constitute the last best hope for civilization . END
helion also hoped that america's mastery of technology and industrial efficiency would be accompanied by the production of new and beautiful art works . END
`` i arrived in the united states with the idea of establishing myself there more or less permanently and finding inspiration for new compositions '' . END
in new york he was well received by what was then only a small brave band of UNK artists , including alexander UNK , george k. l. morris , de UNK , UNK and a few others . END
after a year in a studio on UNK square , having married an american girl who was a native of virginia , helion moved to a village in the blue ridge mountains , where he produced some of the most imposing of his abstract canvases . END
the darkening world scene , at the time of the munich pact , continued to trouble his mind even in his remote virginia studio . END
`` fear possessed me , and the certainty of war '' , he has related . END
`` i truly smelled blood , death , UNK of corpses everywhere '' . END
in haste he labored to finish some last abstract paintings : a UNK frieze , with a flying figure and a fallen figure ; ; END
a `` UNK '' , which went to the chicago art institute , and is considered by him the most successful of his abstracts ; ; END
and in early 1939 , a `` fallen figure '' of very ominous character , which concluded his abstract phase . END
`` i knew i was carrying on with abstraction to its very end -- for me '' , he said of the two years' output in virginia . END
with those paintings of big constructions crashing down , he felt he could stop . END
they were , in effect his last testament to UNK art . END
he had taken out first papers for american UNK ; ; END
but after war came to europe , he decided to return to france , arriving there in january , 1940 . END
`` i hated the war '' , he said , `` but thought i ought to go because i was , perhaps , one of those who hadn't done enough to prevent it '' . END
in june , 1940 , sergeant helion , with a company of reserve troops waiting to go into battle , was sketching the hills south of the UNK river , when the war suddenly rolled in upon him . END
its first UNK was a long , UNK column of refugees riding in farm wagons , or pushing UNK . END
his company then carried out a confused retreating movement until it was surrounded by the germans , a few days before france UNK . END
after a sort of death march during four days without food , helion and his comrades were shipped by UNK to a labor camp at an estate farm in east germany . END
a year later they were removed to a stalag in the harbor of stettin . END
at the time of his capture helion had on his person a UNK he had bought at UNK in new york . END
when he was stripped , UNK and numbered by his guards , his UNK UNK was seized and thrown on a pile of UNK goods to be UNK . END
`` it was then i knew that they were making war against man , the individual within ! ! END
-- who questioned things when given orders '' . END
at stettin the UNK artist , who had studied german , was chosen to serve as interpreter and clerk in the office of the stalag commander . END
in secret he also acted as a member of the UNK central committee , which plotted UNK , planned a few escapes , and maintained a hidden control over the wretched french UNK . END
in the stalag , helion came to know and love his comrades , most of them plain folk , who , in their extremity , showed true courage and ran great risks to help each other . END
how much they UNK him is shown by the fact that their underground committee selected him as one of the few who would be helped to escape . END
in the prison UNK black market civilian clothes were quietly bought and UNK papers were devised for him ; ; END
during long weeks the plan for his flight was rehearsed . END
every morning UNK of prisoners would be sent out to labor in nearby factories . END
one evening , while a UNK game was being played in the yard among the prisoners remaining there , a simulated UNK was staged -- just as the gates were opened to admit other prisoners returning from work . END
as helion wrote afterward : `` END
four hands were stretched toward me by my comrades behind me . END
UNK held my UNK ; ; END
UNK held a wallet with my money and papers ; ; END
UNK and david held nothing but their fingers . END
they felt rough and kind and warm . END
at this moment the UNK hit the ground . END
duclos ran toward UNK with fists raised . END
the guards all rushed up to UNK '' END
UNK his prison UNK , helion shot through the gates , now clad in civilian garments and with the passport of a flemish worker . END
riding trains , UNK hikes on trucks across germany , slipping through guarded frontiers with the help of secret guides , he eventually reached UNK france , and , by the winter of 1943 , was back in virginia . END
to escape from a prison camp required a very special state of mind ; ; END
not only UNK of captivity , but a faith , a hope that is even stronger . END
i left behind me brave men , whom captivity had robbed of all hope . END
they too loved their families , longed for their villages : yet lacked the faith that drove one to dare the fearful chance of escape '' . END
it was a time of UNK for him . END
even the most rational of men , under great stress , may be transported by a new faith and behave like UNK . END
helion knew that he owed his freedom as much to the UNK of his UNK in UNK 13 , , stettin , as to his own fierce will and love of life . END
after that , he declared , `` to return to freedom was to fall to one's knees before the real world and UNK it '' . END
in prison he had been able to sketch nothing but figures from life , his guards , his companions in misery . END
now all his desires centered on `` UNK and singing of the UNK and yet beautiful world of men and objects so long barred from me by a barbed wire fence '' . END
and , he added : `` during the many months in prison camp , all abstract images vanished from my mind '' . END
before leaving for america , he happened to see his old friend jean arp and confided to him his new resolutions . END
arp protested : `` but it is impossible ! ! END
everything in the way of representation has already been done by the old masters '' . END
helion , however , clung to the belief that `` in escaping from the stalag i had also escaped from abstraction '' . END
while UNK in his virginia home he wrote a book recording his prison experiences and escape , entitled : they shall not have me published originally in ( UNK ) english by UNK & co. of new york , in 1943 , the book was received by the press as a work of astonishing literary power and one of the most realistic accounts of world war 2 , from the french side . END
it was very widely read , too ; ; END
and the author , who seemed the embodiment of france's rising spirit of resistance to her UNK , was much UNK for his daring military action . END
but when he showed his new figurative pictures to his artist friends of the abstract camp , they paid him no compliments and drew long faces . END
between 1944 and 1947 helion had a series of one-man shows -- at the paul rosenberg gallery in new york and in paris -- of his new realistic pictures . END
they UNK the figures of human beings banished from his canvases since the 1920's . END
these new pictures UNK on the familiar and commonplace objects that he had heard the men in his prison camp talking about as the things they missed most , hence associated with the sense of lost freedom : the cafe at the corner , the newspaper UNK , the girls in UNK and windows along the street , the UNK french bread they lacked , the cigarettes denied them . END
one of the pictures was of a man with hat drawn over his face UNK lighting a cigarette ; ; END
others were of men UNK their hats to each other , carrying UNK with UNK , reading newspapers , or simply showing UNK of bread spread out . END
important as was mr. UNK essay , his thesis is so restricting as to deny faulkner the stature which he obviously has . END
he and also mr. UNK and mr. warren have fallen to the temptation which UNK many of us to read into our authors -- UNK hawthorne , for example , and herman UNK -- protests against UNK , material progress , and science which are genuine protests of our own but may not have been theirs . END
faulkner's total works today , and in fact those of his works which existed in 1946 when mr. UNK made his comment , or in 1939 , when mr. UNK wrote his essay , reveal no such simple attitude toward the south . END
if he is a traditionalist , he is an UNK traditionalist . END
if he UNK the recent or the present , he UNK the past with no less force . END
if he sees the heroic in a UNK or a UNK , he sees also -- and he shows -- the blind and the mean , and he sees the compson family UNK from within . END
if the UNK family produces a UNK snopes , who UNK UNK and materialism in UNK UNK , the compson family produces a jason compson 4 . END
faulkner is a most UNK traditionalist . END
others writing on faulkner have found the phrase `` traditional UNK '' either inadequate or misleading . END
among them are frederick j. UNK , william van o'connor , and mrs. olga UNK . END
they have indicated the direction but they have not been explicit enough , i believe , in pointing out faulkner's independence , his questioning if not indeed challenging the southern tradition . END
faulkner's is not the mind of the UNK which mr. UNK implies that it is . END
he is not one to remain more comfortably and UNK within a body of social , cultural , or literary traditions than he was within the traditions -- or possibly the regulations -- governing his tenure in the post office at oxford , mississippi , thirty-five years ago . END
that is not to deny that he has been aware of traditions , of course , that he is steeped in them , in fact , or that he has dealt with them , in his books . END
it is to say rather , i believe , that he has brought to bear on the history , the traditions , and the lore of his region a critical , skeptical mind -- the same mind which has made of him an UNK experimenter in literary form and technique . END
he has employed from his section rich immediate materials which in a loose sense can be termed southern . END
the fact that he has cast over those materials the light of a skeptical mind does not make him any the less southern , i rather think , for the south has been no more solid than other regions except in the political and related areas where patronage and force and intimidation and fear may produce a surface uniformity . END
some of us might be inclined to argue , in fact , that an independence of mind and action and an UNK of UNK , either mental or physical , are particularly southern traits . END
there is no necessity , i suppose , to assert that mr. faulkner is southern . END
it would not be easy to discover a more thoroughly southern UNK than that of his family . END
and , after all , he has lived comfortably at both oxford , mississippi , and UNK , virginia . END
the young william faulkner in new orleans in the 1920's impressed the novelist hamilton UNK as obviously conscious of being a southerner , and there is no evidence that since then he has ever considered himself any less so . END
besides showing no inclination , apparently , to absent himself from his native region even for short periods , and in addition writing a shelf of books set in the region , he has handled in those books an astonishingly complete list of matters which have been important in the south during the past hundred years . END
it is more difficult with faulkner than with most authors to say what is the extent and what is the source of his knowledge . END
his own testimony is that he has read very little in the history of the south , implying that what he knows of that history has come to him UNK and that he knows the world around him primarily from his own UNK observation . END
his denials of extensive reading notwithstanding , it is no doubt safe to assume that he has spent time schooling himself in southern history and that he has gained some acquaintance with the chief literary authors who have lived in the south or have written about the south . END
to believe otherwise would be UNK . END
but in looking at faulkner against his background in mississippi and the south , it is important not to lose the broader perspective . END
his earliest work reflected heavy influences from english and continental writers . END
evidence is plentiful that early and later also he has been indebted to the gothic UNK , who deal in extravagant horror , to the UNK writing at the end of the preceding century , and in particular to the UNK novelists , henry james and james joyce among them . END
his repeated experimentation with the techniques of fiction UNK to an independence of mind and an originality of approach , but it also shows him touching at many points the stream of literary development back of him . END
my intention , therefore , is not to say that faulkner's awareness has been confined within the borders of the south , but rather that he has looked at his world as a southerner and that presumably his outlook is southern . END
the ingredients of faulkner's novels and stories are by no means new with him , and most of the problems he takes up have had the attention of authors before him . END
a useful comment on his relation to his region may be made , i think , by noting briefly how in handling southern materials and southern problems he has UNK from the pattern set by other southern authors while remaining faithful to the essential character of the region . END
the planter aristocracy has appeared in literature at least since john pendleton kennedy published UNK in 1832 and in his genial portrait of frank UNK presiding over his plantation dominion initiated the most persistent tradition of southern literature . END
the UNK UNK of the planter society did not come , however , until after the civil war when southern writers were eager to defend a way of life which had been destroyed . END
as they looked with nostalgia to a society which had been swept away , they were probably no more than UNK that they painted in colors which had never existed . END
their books found no less willing readers outside than inside the south , even while memories of the war were still sharp . END
the tradition reached its apex , perhaps , in the works of thomas nelson page toward the end of the century , and UNK UNK as late as 1934 in the UNK novel so red the rose , by stark young . END
although faulkner was the heir in his own family to this tradition , he did not have stark UNK inclination to UNK and UNK the planter society . END
the myth of the southern plantation has had only a UNK relation with actuality , as francis pendleton UNK showed forty years ago , and i suspect it has had a far narrower acceptance as something real than has generally been supposed . END
faulkner has found it useful , but he has employed it with his habitual independence of mind and skeptical outlook . END
without saying or seeming to say that in UNK the UNK and the compson families faulkner's chief concern is social criticism , we can say nevertheless that through those families he UNK his comment on the planter UNK as they have existed since the decades before the civil war . END
it may be that in this comment he has broken from the conventional pattern more violently than in any other regard , for the treatment in his books is far removed from even the genial irony of ellen UNK , who was the only important novelist before him to challenge the conventional picture of planter society . END
faulkner's UNK characters had but few counterparts in earlier southern novels dealing with plantation life . END
they have an ancestry extending back , however , at least to UNK , when william byrd described the UNK he encountered in the back country of virginia and north carolina . END
the chief literary UNK of the snopes UNK appeared in the realistic , humorous writing which originated in the south and the southwest in the three decades before the civil war . END
these UNK of coarse action and crude language appeared first in local newspapers , as a rule , and later found their way between book covers , though rarely into the UNK libraries beside the UNK volumes of horace , mr. UNK , mr. pope , and sir walter scott . END
there is evidence to suggest , in fact , that many authors of the humorous sketches were prompted to write them -- or to make them as UNK as they are -- by way of protesting against the artificial refinements which had come to dominate the polite letters of the south . END
william UNK simms , sturdy UNK that he was , pleaded for a natural UNK such as he found in his favorites the great UNK , to UNK the pale writings being produced around him . END
simms admired the raucous tales UNK from the backwoods , but he had himself social affiliations which would not allow him to approve them fully . END
augustus UNK UNK , a preacher and a college and university president in four southern states , published the earliest of these backwoods sketches and in the character UNK UNK , in the accounts of sharp UNK and UNK physical combat , and in the UNK UNK speech of his characters , he set an example followed by many after him . END
others who wrote of low characters and low life included thomas bangs thorpe , creator of the big bear of arkansas and tom owen , the UNK ; ; END
johnson jones UNK , whose character simon UNK bears a close UNK to UNK snopes in both his willingness to take cruel advantage of all and sundry and the UNK with which he UNK carried out his will ; ; END
and george washington harris , whose tennessee UNK character UNK UNK UNK more UNK mischief and more UNK pain than any other character in literature . END
it would be profitable , i believe , to read these realistic UNK alongside faulkner's works , the thought being not that he necessarily read them and owed anything to them directly , but rather that they dealt a hundred years ago with a class of people and a type of life which have continued down to our time , to faulkner's time . END
such a comparison reminds us that in employing low characters in his works faulkner is recording actuality in the south and moreover is following a UNK literary precedent . END
such characters , with their low existence and often low morality , produce humorous effects in his novels and tales , as they did in the writing of UNK and UNK and harris , but it need not be added that he gives them far UNK and more intricate functions than they had in the earlier writers ; ; END
nor is there need to add that among them are some of the most highly individualized and most successful of his characters . END
one of the early UNK already mentioned , thomas bangs thorpe , can be used to illustrate another point where faulkner touches authentic southern materials and also earlier literary treatment of those materials . END
thorpe came to louisiana from the east as a young man prepared to find in the new country the setting of romantic adventure and idealized beauty . END
but thorpe saw also the hardships of pioneer existence , the cultural poverty of the frontier settlements , and the slack morality which UNK in the new regions . END
as a consequence of the tensions thus produced in his thoughts and feelings , he wrote on the one hand sketches of idealized hunting trips and on the other an anecdote of the village of UNK , arkansas , where no one had ever seen a piano ; ; END
and he wrote also the masterpiece of frontier humor , `` the big bear of arkansas '' , in which earthy realism is placed alongside the exaggeration of the backwoods UNK and the awe with which man UNK the grandeur and the mysteries of nature . END
some years ago julian huxley proposed to an audience made up of members of the british association for the advancement of science that `` man's UNK or UNK faculties are ( now ) in the same case as were his mathematical faculties during the ice age '' . END
as a humanist , dr. huxley interests himself in the possibilities of human development , and one thing we can say about this suggestion , which comes from a leading UNK , is that , so far as he is concerned , the scientific outlook places no rigid limitation upon the idea of future human evolution . END
this text from dr. huxley is sometimes used by UNK to indicate that they have the permission of the scientists to press the case for a wonderful UNK of UNK powers in human beings . END
there may be a case of this sort , but it is not one we wish to argue , here . END
even if people do , in a not far distant future , begin to read one another's minds , there will still be the question of whether what you find in another man's mind is especially worth reading -- worth more , that is , than what you can read in good books . END
even if men eventually find themselves able to look through walls and around corners , one may question whether this will help them to live better lives . END
there would be UNK to be drawn , of course ; ; END
such capacities are impressive evidence pointing to a conception of the human being which does not appear in the accounts of UNK and organic UNK ; ; END
but the basic UNK of existence would still be puzzling , and we should still have to work out the sort of problems we plan to discuss in this article . END
all we want from dr. UNK statement is the feeling that this is an open world , in the view of the best scientific opinion , with practically no directional commitments as to what may happen next , and no important UNK with respect to what may be possible . END
it seems quite obvious that all the really difficult tasks of human beings arise from the fact that man is not one , but many . END
each man , that is , is both one and many . END
he is a UNK of the good society with a plan to put into effect , and he is an individual UNK with something to make for himself and the people of his time . END
he is a parent with a child to nurture , here and now , and he is an educator who worries about the children half way round the world . END
he is a utopian with a stake in tomorrow and he is a vulnerable human made captive by the circumstances of today . END
he can sacrifice himself for tomorrow and he can sacrifice tomorrow for himself . END
he is a UNK wife who UNK about tobacco ash on the living room rug and he is a UNK genius who goes boating with the town baker when UNK from the local university have come to call . END
he is the stern guardian of the status quo who has raised the UNK structures of the age , and he is the revolutionary poet with a gun in his hand who writes a tragic UNK to posterity for the men he has killed . END
what will be the final symmetry of the good society ? ? END
for what do the utopians labor ? ? END
here , on a desk , is a stack of pamphlets representing the efforts of some of the best men of the day to penetrate these questions . END
the pamphlets are about law , the corporation , forms of government , the idea of freedom , the defense of liberty , the various UNK which UNK our major institutions , the gap between traditional social ideals and the working mechanisms that have been set in motion for their realization . END
the thing that is notable in all these discussions is the lack of ideological UNK . END
there is another kind of UNK , a quiet , sure devotion to the fundamental UNK of human life , but no angry utopian UNK . END
actually , you could wish for some passion , now and then , but when you look around the world and see the little UNK of current history which partisan social passions have UNK , you are glad that in these pamphlets there is at least some civilized calm . END
you could also say that in these pamphlets is a UNK quality of maturity . END
there is essential UNK in reading the writing of men who are not angry , who can contend without quarreling . END
this is the good kind of sophistication , and with all our problems and crises this kind of sophistication has UNK in the united states during recent years . END
a characteristic expression of such concern and inquiry is found in joseph p. lyford's introduction to the agreeable autocracies , a recent UNK study of the institutions of modern democratic society . END
mr. lyford gives voice to a temper that represents , we think , an achieved UNK of reflective thinking . END
after casting about for a way of describing this spirit , we decided that it would be better to use mr. lyford's introduction as an illustration . END
at one time it seemed as if the soviet union had done us a favor by providing a striking example of how not to behave towards other peoples and other nations . END
as things turned out , however , we have not UNK greatly from the lesson : instead of UNK following a national program of our own we have often been satisfied to be against whatever soviet policy seemed to be at the moment . END
such activity may or may not have irritated the kremlin , but it has frequently condemned america to an unnatural UNK that has UNK our effort to give leadership to the free world . END
the UNK has been exaggerated by another bad habit , our tendency to rate the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of other nations by the extent to which they applaud the slogans we UNK about ourselves . END
since the slogans have little application to reality and are UNK to boot , the applause is faint even in areas of the world where we should expect to find the greatest affection for free government . END
shocked at the response to our UNK , we grow more defensive , and worse , we lose our sense of humor and proportion . END
mr. nehru is subjected to stern lectures on neutralism by our department of state , and an american president observes UNK that sweden would be a little less neurotic if it were a little more UNK '' . END
one thing you can say about mr. lyford is that he does not suffer from any insecurity as an american . END
those who are UNK fear to be UNK in self-examination . END
only the strong look squarely at weakness . END
the maturity in this point of view lies in its recognition that no basic problem is ever solved without being clearly understood . END
mr. lyford continues : `` END
even if the self portrait we distribute for popular consumption were accurate it would be dangerous to present it as a picture of the ideal society . END
we would be ignoring the special circumstances of other countries . END
the picture is the more treacherous when it UNK the facts of american life . END
the discrepancy between what we commonly profess and what we practice or tolerate is great , and it does not escape the notice of others . END
if our sincerity is granted , and it is granted , the discrepancy can only be explained by the fact that we have come to believe UNK and legend about ourselves in preference to an understanding gained by earnest self-examination . END
what is more , the legends have become so UNK that the very habit of self-examination or UNK smells of low treason , and men who practice it are UNK and UNK UNK . END
although we continue to pay our UNK UNK to `` free private enterprise '' , `` individual initiative '' , `` the democratic way '' , `` government of the people '' , `` competition of the UNK '' , etc. , we live rather comfortably in a society in which economic competition is diminishing in large areas , bureaucracy is UNK representative government , technology is weakening the UNK confidence in his own power to make decisions , and the threat of war is driving him economically and physically into the ground '' . END
the interesting thing about mr. lyford's approach , and the approach of the contributors to the agreeable autocracies ( UNK publications , 1961 ) to the situation of american civilization , is that it is concerned with UNK the psychological relationships which are having a decisive effect on american life . END
in an ideological argument , the participants tend to UNK the table . END
they are determined to prove something . END
the new spirit , so well illustrated by mr. lyford's work , is wholly free of this anxiety . END
the problem is rather to find out what is actually happening , and this is especially difficult for the reason that `` we are busily being defended from a knowledge of the present , sometimes by the very agencies -- our educational system , our mass media , our statesmen -- on which we have had to rely most heavily for understanding of ourselves '' . END
the introduction continues : `` END
we experience a vague uneasiness about events , a suspicion that our political and economic institutions , like the UNK in the bottle , have escaped confinement and that we have lost the power to recall them . END
we feel uncomfortable at being UNK by a corporation or a union or a television set , but until we have some knowledge about these phenomena and what they are doing to us , we can hardly learn to control them . END
it does not appear that we will be delivered from our situation by articles on the national purpose . END
the agreeable autocracies is an attempt to explore some of the institutions which both reflect and determine the character of the free society today . END
the men who speculate on these institutions have , for the most part , come to at least one common conclusion : that many of the great enterprises and associations around which our democracy is formed are in themselves UNK in nature , and possessed of power which can be used to frustrate the citizen who is trying to assert his individuality in the modern world '' . END
these institutions which mr. lyford names `` agreeable autocracies '' -- where did they come from ? ? END
of one thing we can be sure : they were not sketched out by the revolutionary UNK of the eighteenth century who formulated the political principles and originally shaped the political institutions of what we term the `` free society '' . END
no doubt there are historians who can explain to a great extent what happened to the plans and projects of the eighteenth century . END
going back over this ground and analyzing the composition of forces which have created the present scene is one of the tasks undertaken by the center for the study of democratic institutions , in santa barbara . END
but however we come , finally , to explain and account for the present , the truth we are trying to expose , right now , is that the makers of constitutions and the designers of institutions find it difficult if not impossible to anticipate the behavior of the host of all their enterprises . END
the host is the flowing life of the human race . END
this life has its own currents and rhythms , its own multiple cycles and adaptations . END
on occasion it produces extraordinary novelties . END
should rousseau have been able to leave room in his social theory for the advent of television , atomic energy , and ibm machines ? ? END
how would thomas jefferson feel after reading factories in the field ? ? END
they tell us , sir , that we are free , because we have in one hand a ballot , and in the other a stock certificate . END
with these we shape our destiny and own private property , and that , sir , makes ours the best of all possible societies . END
the reality of the situation , however , is described by mr. lyford : `` END
many of us may even be secretly relieved at having a plausible excuse to delegate ancient civic responsibilities to a new bureaucracy of experts . END
thus the member of an industrial union comes to regard his officers as business agents who may proceed without interference or recall ; ; END
the UNK delivers his proxy ; ; END
and the citizen UNK his political participation to the mere act of voting -- if he votes at all '' . END
copernicus did not question it , ptolemy could not . END
given the conceptual context within which ancient thought thrived , how could anyone have questioned this principle ? ? END
the reasons for this are partly observational , partly philosophical , and reinforced by other aesthetic and cultural factors . END
first , the observational reasons . END
the obvious natural fact to ancient thinkers was the diurnal rotation of the heavens . END
not only did constellations like UNK , UNK , and UNK spin circles around the pole , but stars which were not UNK rose and set at the same place on the horizon each night . END
nor did a UNK stars vary in brightness during the course of their UNK flights . END
the conclusion -- the distances of the constellations did not vary and their paths were circular . END
moreover , the sun's path over earth described a segment of a great circle ; ; END
this was clear from the contour of the shadow traced by a UNK before and after noon . END
as early as the 6th century b.c. the earth was seen to be spherical . END
ships disappear UNK over the horizon ; ; END
approaching shore their UNK appeared first . END
earth , being at the center of the universe , would have the same shape as the latter ; ; END
so , e.g. did aristotle argue , although this may not be an observational reason in favor of UNK . END
the UNK shapes of sun and moon were also felt to indicate the shape of celestial things . END
in light of all this , one would require special reasons for saying that the paths of the heavenly bodies were other than circular . END
why , for example , should the UNK have supposed the diurnal rotation of the heavens to be UNK ? ? END
there were no reasons for such UNK then . END
this , UNK with the considerations above , made the circular motions of heavenly bodies appear an almost directly observed fact . END
additional philosophical considerations , advanced notably by aristotle , supported further the UNK principle . END
by distinguishing UNK ( celestial ) and UNK ( terrestrial ) existence , and UNK this with the UNK physics of UNK , aristotle came to speak of the stars as perfect bodies , which moved in only a perfect way , UNK in a perfect circle . END
now what is perfect motion ? ? END
it must , apparently , be motion without UNK . END
because motion which begins and ends at discrete places would ( e.g. for aristotle ) be incomplete . END
circular motion , however , since it is eternal and perfectly continuous , lacks UNK . END
it is never motion towards something . END
only UNK , imperfect things move towards what they lack . END
perfect , complete entities , if they move at all , do not move towards what they lack . END
they move only in accordance with what is in their natures . END
thus , circular motion is itself one of the essential characteristics of completely perfect celestial existence . END
to return now to the UNK physics , a mixture of muddy , UNK water will , when standing in a jar , separate out with earth at the bottom , water on top , and the air on top of that . END
a candle UNK in the air directs its flame and smoke upwards . END
this gives a clue to the UNK order of elements . END
thus earth has fallen to the center of the universe . END
it is covered ( partly ) with water , air is atop of that . END
pure fire ( the stars ) is in the heavens . END
when combined with the metaphysical notion that pure forms of this universe are best appreciated when least embodied in a material UNK , it becomes clear that while earth will be dross on a scale of UNK ratios , celestial bodies will be of a subtle , UNK , UNK existence , in whose embodiment pure form will be the dominant component and matter will be absent or remain subsidiary . END
the stars constitute an order of existence different from what we encounter on earth . END
this is clear when one distinguishes the types of motion appropriate to both regions . END
a UNK shot up from earth returns UNK to its ' natural ' place of rest . END
but the natural condition for the heavenly bodies is neither rest , nor UNK motion . END
being less UNK by material UNK they UNK more of what is divine . END
their motion will be eternal and perfect . END
let us re-examine the publicized contrasts between ptolemaic and copernican astronomy . END
bluntly , there never was a ptolemaic system of astronomy . END
copernicus' achievement was to have invented systematic astronomy . END
the almagest and the hypotheses outline ptolemy's conception of his own task as the provision of UNK tables , independent calculating devices for the prediction of future planetary UNK . END
indeed , in the UNK edition of UNK presentation of the hypotheses there is a chart setting out ( under six distinct UNK ) otherwise unrelated diagrams for describing the planetary motions . END
no attempt is made by ptolemy to weld into a single scheme ( UNK ) , these independent UNK . END
they all have this in common : the earth is situated near the center of the UNK . END
but that one should superimpose all these charts , run a pin through the common point , and then scale each planetary UNK larger and smaller ( to keep the epicycles from ' UNK ' ) , this is contrary to any intention ptolemy ever expresses . END
he might even suppose the planets to move at UNK . END
ptolemy's problem is to forecast where , against the UNK bowl of night , some particular light will be found at future times . END
his problem concerns UNK , UNK , and angular velocities . END
the distances of these points of light is a problem he cannot master , beyond crude UNK as to the UNK of the planetary orbits viewed outward from earth . END
but none of this has prevented scientists , philosophers , and even historians of science , from speaking of the ptolemaic system , in contrast to the copernican . END
this is a mistake . END
it is engendered by UNK the UNK UNK in the almagest with the UNK astronomy . END
ptolemy UNK denies that he could ever explain planetary motion . END
this is what UNK the UNK character of his astronomy . END
so when UNK , like that of baker set out drawings of the ' ptolemaic system ' , complete with earth in the center and the seven heavenly bodies UNK arranged on their several UNK , we have nothing but a misleading UNK idea of what never existed historically . END
it is the chief merit in copernicus' work that all his planetary calculations are interdependent . END
he cannot , e.g. compute the UNK arc traveled by mars , without also making UNK about the earth's own motion . END
he cannot describe eclipses without entertaining some form of a UNK problem . END
in ptolemaic terms , however , eclipses and UNK motion were phenomena UNK , to be explained directly as possible resultants of UNK combinations . END
in a systematic astronomy , like that of copernicus , UNK become part of the conceptual structure of the system ; ; END
they are no longer a puzzling aspect of UNK variable , local planetary motions . END
another contrast stressed when discussing ptolemaic vs. copernican astronomy , turns on the idea of simplicity . END
it is often stated that copernican astronomy is ' simpler ' than ptolemaic . END
some even say that this is the reason for the ultimate acceptance of the former . END
thus , UNK remarks : `` a large number of unrelated epicycles was needed to explain the observations , but otherwise the ( ptolemaic ) system served well and with quantitative precision . END
copernicus , by placing the sun at the center of the planetary universe , was able to reduce the number of epicycles from UNK to seventeen . END
historical records indicate that copernicus was unaware of the fundamental aspects of his so-called ' revolution ' , unaware perhaps of its historical importance , he rested content with having produced a simpler scheme for prediction . END
as an illustration of the principle of simplicity the UNK discovery has a peculiar appeal because it allows simplicity to be UNK ; ; END
it involves a reduction in the number of epicycles from UNK to seventeen '' . END
without careful qualification this can be misleading . END
if in any one calculation ptolemy had had to invoke UNK epicycles all at once , while copernicus never required more than one third this number , then ( in the sense obvious to UNK ) ptolemaic astronomy would be simpler than copernican . END
but no single planetary problem ever required of ptolemy more than six epicycles at one time . END
this , of course , results from the UNK , ' UNK ' character of ptolemaic theory . END
calculations within the copernican framework always raised questions about planetary UNK . END
these could be met only by considering the UNK elements of several planets at one time . END
this is more ambitious than ptolemy is ever required to be when he faces his isolated problems . END
thus , in no ordinary sense of ' simplicity ' is the ptolemaic theory simpler than the copernican . END
the latter required UNK several elements simultaneously . END
this was not simpler but much more difficult than exercises within ptolemy's astronomy . END
UNK , anyone who argues that UNK theory of UNK is simpler than UNK , must say rather more to explain how it is that the latter is mastered by UNK , while the former can be managed ( with difficulty ) only by accomplished experts . END
in a sense , UNK theory is simpler than UNK , and there is a corresponding sense in which copernicus' theory is simpler than ptolemy's . END
but ' simplicity ' here refers to systematic simplicity . END
the number of primitive ideas in UNK theories is reduced to a minimum . END
the UNK required to make the theoretical machinery operate are set out UNK and powerfully , so that all UNK operations within the theory can be traced rigorously back to these UNK , rules , and primitive notions . END
this characterizes UNK formulation of geometry , but not ptolemy's astronomy . END
there are in the almagest no rules for determining in advance whether a new UNK will be required for dealing with UNK in lunar , solar , or planetary behavior . END
the strongest appeal of the copernican formulation consisted in just this : ideally , the justification for dealing with special problems in particular ways is completely set out in the basic ' rules ' of the theory . END
the UNK hypotheses are never ' ad UNK ' , never introduced UNK post facto just to sweep up within the theory some UNK UNK . END
copernicus , to an extent UNK by ptolemy , approximated to UNK vision . END
de UNK is not just a collection of facts and techniques . END
it is an organized system of these things . END
solving astronomical problems requires , for copernicus , not a random search of unrelated tables , but a regular employment of the rules defining the entire discipline . END
hence , noting the simplicity achieved in copernicus' formulation does not provide another reason for the acceptance of de UNK , another reason beyond its systematic superiority . END
it provides exactly the same reason . END
UNK a.d. is often UNK as the birthday of the scientific revolution . END
it is really the funeral day of scholastic science . END
granted , the UNK , philosophical , and cultural UNK initiated by the de UNK were felt with increasing violence during the 300 years to follow . END
but , considered within technical astronomy , a different pattern can be traced . END
in what does the dissatisfaction of UNK consist ? ? END
what in the almagest draws his fire ? ? END
UNK per se ? ? END
the formal displacement of the UNK principle far from being copernicus' primary concern , was introduced only to resolve what seemed to him UNK in orthodox astronomy , namely , the ' UNK ' UNK of UNK UNK : one center from which the UNK distances were calculated , another around which planetary velocities were computed , and still a third center ( the earth ) from which the observations originated . END
this arrangement was for copernicus literally monstrous : `` with ( the UNK ) it is as though an artist were to gather the hands , feet , head and other members for his images from UNK models , each part excellently drawn , but not related to a single body ; ; END
and since they in no way match each other , the result would be a monster rather than a man '' . END
copernicus required a systematically integrated , physically intelligible astronomy . END
his objective was , essentially , to repair those aspects of orthodox astronomy responsible for its deficiencies in achieving these ends . END
that such deficiencies existed within ptolemy's theory was not discovered de UNK by copernicus . END
the critical , rigorous examinations of nicholas of UNK and nicholas of UNK provided the context ( a late medieval context ) for nicholas copernicus' own work . END
the latter looked backward upon inherited deficiencies . END
without abandoning too much , copernicus sought to make orthodox astronomy systematically and mechanically acceptable . END
he did not think himself to be firing the first shot of an intellectual revolution . END
UNK feeling of identity with sara UNK was crowned by her discovery of the coincidence that UNK epitaph in the jewish cemetery in venice referred to her as `` the UNK '' . END
into the texture of this tapestry of history and human drama henrietta , as every artist UNK to do , UNK UNK of her own intuitive insights into human nature and -- especially in the remarkable story of the attraction and conflict between two so disparate and fervent characters as this pair -- into the relations of men and women : `` in their relations , she was the UNK and he the receiver , UNK the UNK . END
his feeling always UNK sacrifices from her . END
one is so accustomed to think of men as the privileged who need but ask and receive , and women as submissive and yielding , that our sympathies are usually enlisted on the side of the man whose love is not returned , and we condemn the woman as a UNK . END
the very firmness of her convictions and logical UNK of her arguments UNK and stimulated him to make greater efforts ; ; END
usually , this is most UNK to men , who expect every woman to verify their UNK notions concerning her sex , and when she does not , immediately condemn her as eccentric and UNK . END
she had the opportunity that few clever women can resist , of showing her superiority in argument over a man . END
women themselves have come to look upon matters in the same light as the outside world , and scarcely find any wrong in submitting to the UNK of a stronger will , even when their affections are withheld . END
she was exposing herself to temptation which it is best to avoid where it can consistently be done . END
one who invites such trials of character is either UNK , UNK or too simple and childlike in faith in mankind to see the danger . END
in any case but the last , such a course is sure to UNK itself upon the individual ; ; END
the moral powers no more than the physical and mental , can bear UNK . END
and , in the last case , a bitter disappointment but too often meets the UNK nature . END
henrietta was discovering in the process of writing , as the born writer does , not merely a channel for the discharge of accumulated information but a stimulus to the development of the creative powers of observation , insight and intuition . END
dr. UNK was so pleased with the quality of her biographical study of sara UNK that he considered submitting it to the century magazine or harper's but he decided that its jewish subject probably would not interest them and published it in the messenger , `` so our readers will be UNK instead '' . END
under her father's influence it did not occur to henrietta that she might write on subjects outside the jewish field , but she did begin writing for other UNK papers and thus increased her output and her audience . END
and she wrote the UNK for an UNK on the subject of UNK UNK performed at the UNK festival which came in december . END
by her eighteenth birthday her bent for writing was so evident that papa and mamma gave her a life of dickens as a spur to her UNK . END
another source of intellectual stimulus was opened to her at that time by the founding of johns hopkins university within walking distance of home . END
it was established in a couple of buildings in the shopping district , with only a few professors , but all eminent men , and a few hundred eager students housed in nearby dwellings . END
in september UNK thomas huxley , UNK famous disciple , came from england to speak in a crowded auditorium at the formal opening of the university ; ; END
and although it was a school for men only , it afforded henrietta an opportunity to attend its public lectures . END
in the following year her father undertook to give a course in hebrew theology to johns hopkins students , and this brought to the szold house a group of bright young jews who had come to baltimore to study , and who enjoyed being fed and UNK by mamma and entertained by henrietta and rachel , who played and sang for them in the upstairs sitting room on sunday evenings . END
from philadelphia came cyrus UNK and joseph jastrow . END
UNK , judge UNK nephew , came to study UNK . END
a smart , shrewd and ambitious young man , well connected , and with a knack for getting in the good graces of important people , he was bound to go far . END
joseph jastrow , the younger son of the distinguished rabbi , marcus jastrow , was a friendly , UNK fellow with a little mustache , whose field was psychology , and who was also a UNK and a jolly tease . END
his father was a good friend of rabbi szold , and joe lived with the szolds for a while . END
both these youths , who greatly admired henrietta , were somewhat younger than she , as were also the neighboring UNK boys , who were then studying medicine ; ; END
and bright though they all were , they could not possibly compete for her interest with papa , whose mind -- although he never tried to UNK or UNK lesser lights with it -- naturally UNK theirs and made them seem to her even younger than they were . END
besides , miss henrietta -- as she was generally known since she had put up her hair with a UNK in the back -- had little time to spare them from her teaching and writing ; ; END
so cyrus UNK became interested in her friend UNK UNK , and joe jastrow -- the only young man who when he wrote had the UNK to address her as henrietta , and signed himself joe -- fell in love with pretty sister rachel . END
henrietta , however , was at that time engaged in a lengthy correspondence with joe's older and more serious brother , morris , who was just about her own age and whom she had got to know well during trips to philadelphia with papa , when he substituted for rabbi jastrow at UNK UNK temple there during its UNK absence in europe . END
young morris , who , while attending the university of pennsylvania , also taught and edited a paper , found time to write henrietta UNK letters on everything that engaged his interest , from the acting of sarah UNK in philadelphia to his reactions to the comments of `` UNK '' on the jewish reform movement being UNK by the hebrew union college in cincinnati . END
unlike his younger brother , joe , he never presumed to address her more UNK than as `` my dear friend '' , although he praised and UNK the elegance and purity of her style . END
and when he complained of the lack of time for all he wanted to do , henrietta advised him to rise at five in the morning as she and papa did . END
one thing papa had not taught henrietta was how to handle a young man as UNK and UNK as herself . END
she could not resist the opportunity `` of showing her superiority in argument over a man '' which she had remarked as one of the `` feminine UNK '' of sara UNK ; ; END
and in her forthright way , henrietta , who in her story of sara had indicated her own unwillingness `` to think of men as the privileged '' and `` women as submissive and yielding '' , felt obliged to defend vigorously any statement of hers to which morris jastrow took the slightest exception -- he objected to her stand on the UNK affair , as well as on the radical reforms of dr. wise of hebrew union college -- until once , in sheer desperation , he wrote that he had given up hope they would ever agree on anything . END
but that did not prevent him from writing more long letters , or from coming to spend his christmas vacations with the hospitable , lively szolds in their pleasant house on UNK street . END
UNK : `` little women '' END
`` we've got father and mother and each other '' said beth on the first page of UNK UNK little women ; ; END
and , `` i do think that families are the most beautiful things in all the world '' , burst out jo some five hundred pages later in that popular story of the march family , which had first appeared when henrietta was eight ; ; END
and the szold family , as it developed , bore a striking resemblance to the marches . END
mr. march , like benjamin szold , was a clergyman , although of an indeterminate denomination ; ; END
and `` UNK '' march , like UNK szold , was the competent manager of her brood of girls , of whom the marches had only four to the UNK five . END
but the march girls had their counterparts in the szold girls . END
henrietta could easily identify herself with jo march , although jo was not the eldest sister . END
neither was henrietta UNK like jo , who frankly wished she were a boy and had deliberately shortened her name , which , like UNK , was the feminine form of a boy's name . END
but both were UNK and UNK , both had UNK to control , both loved languages , especially english and german , both were good teachers and wrote for publication . END
each was her mother's assistant and UNK ; ; END
and each stood out conspicuously in the family picture . END
bertha szold was more like UNK , the eldest march girl , who `` learned that a woman's UNK kingdom is home , her highest honor the art of ruling it , not as a queen , but a wise wife and mother '' . END
bertha , UNK like mamma , was from the start her mother's daughter , destined for her mother's role in life . END
sadie , like beth march , suffered ill health -- got UNK fever and had to be careful of her heart -- but that never UNK her spirits . END
when her right hand was UNK by the UNK , sadie learned to write with her left hand . END
she wrote gay plays about the girls for family UNK , like `` oh , what fun ! ! END
a comedy in three acts '' , in which , under `` UNK '' , henrietta appeared as `` a UNK '' , and bertha , who was only a trifle less brilliant in high school than henrietta had been , appeared as `` UNK '' . END
sadie studied piano ; ; END
played UNK in the `` UNK UNK of mr. UNK pupils '' ; ; END
and she UNK `` UNK farewell to UNK '' most UNK , to the special delight of rabbi jastrow at his home in UNK near philadelphia , where the szold girls took turns visiting between the visits of the jastrow boys at the UNK in baltimore . END
UNK , like amy , the youngest of the marches , was the UNK , UNK , rather calculating and ambitious one . END
for rachel , conceded to be the prettiest of the szold girls -- and she did make a pretty picture sitting in the UNK UNK her guitar and singing in her UNK tones -- there was no particular march counterpart ; ; END
but both groups were so closely knit that despite individual differences the family life in both cases was remarkably similar in atmosphere if not entirely in content -- the one being definitely jewish and the other vaguely christian . END
the szolds , like the marches , enjoyed and loved living together , even in troubled times ; ; END
and , as in the march home , any young man who called on the szolds found himself confronted with a phalanx of UNK which made it rather difficult to direct his particular attention to any one of them . END
this included mamma , jolly , generous , and pretty , with whom they all fell in love , just as papa had first fallen in love with her mamma before he chose her ; ; END
and when a young man like morris jastrow had enjoyed the szold hospitality , he felt obliged to send his respects and his gifts not merely to henrietta , in whom he was really interested , but to all the szold girls and mamma . END
and just as `` UNK '' lawrence was first attracted to bright jo march , who found him immature by her high standards , and then had to content himself with her younger sister amy , so joe jastrow , who had also been writing henrietta before he came to johns hopkins , had to content himself with her younger sister , pretty rachel . END
and like jo march , who saw her sisters UNK and amy involved in `` UNK '' before herself , henrietta saw her sisters rachel and sadie drawn outside their family circle by the attraction of UNK , rachel by joe jastrow , and sadie by max UNK , a young businessman who would write her romantic descriptions of his trips by UNK down the mississippi . END
this time he was making no mistake . END
olgivanna -- in her country the nickname was a respectful form of address -- was not only attractive but shrewd , durable , sensible , and smart . END
no wonder wright was enchanted -- no two better suited people ever met . END
almost from that day , until his death , olgivanna was to stay at his side ; ; END
but the years that immediately followed were to be UNK trying , both for wright and his UNK lady . END
it must be granted that the UNK of convention , no matter how well UNK one may be , is sure to lead to trouble , or at least to the discomfort that goes with social disapproval . END
even so , many of the things that happened to wright and olgivanna seem UNK severe . END
their UNK centered on one UNK difficulty : miriam held up the divorce proceedings that she herself had asked for . END
reporters began to trail miriam everywhere , and to encourage her to make appalling statements about wright and his doings . END
UNK of UNK , attachments , and unpleasant legal papers of every sort began to fly through the air . END
the distracted miriam would agree to a settlement through her legal representative , then change her mind and make another attack on wright as a person . END
at last her lawyer , arthur d. cloud , gave up the case because she turned down three successive settlements he arranged . END
cloud made an interesting statement in parting from his client : `` i wanted to be a lawyer , and mrs. wright wanted me to be an UNK angel . END
so i got out . END
mrs. wright is without funds . END
the first thing to do is get her some money by a temporary but definite adjustment pending a final disposition of the case . END
but every time i suggested this to her , mrs. wright turned it down and demanded that i go out and UNK mr. wright . END
i am an attorney , not an instrument of vengeance '' . END
miriam noel disregarded the free advice of her departing counselor , and appointed a UNK young man named harold jackson to take his place . END
there were three years of this strange warfare ; ; END
and during the unhappy time , miriam often would charge that wright and olgivanna were UNK against the public order of wisconsin . END
yet somehow , when officers were UNK into visiting taliesin to execute the warrants , they would find neither wright nor olgivanna at home . END
this showed that common sense had not died out at the county and village level -- though why the unhappy and obviously UNK woman was not restrained remains a puzzle . END
the misery of UNK bitterness can be felt today by anyone who studies the case -- it was hopeless , UNK , and destructive , with miriam herself bearing the UNK burden of shame and pain . END
to get an idea of the embarrassment and chagrin that was heaped upon wright and olgivanna , we should bear in mind that the raids were sometimes led by miriam in person . END
one of the most distressing of these scenes occurred at spring green toward the end of the open warfare , on a beautiful day in june . END
at this time miriam noel appeared , urging on constable henry UNK , whose name showed him to be a UNK of the welsh settlers in the neighborhood . END
a troop of reporters brought up the rear . END
miriam was stopped at the taliesin gate , and william weston , now the estate foreman , came out to UNK . END
he said that mr. wright was not in , and so could not be arrested on something called a peace warrant that miriam was waving in the air . END
miriam now ordered UNK to break down the gate , but he said he really couldn't go that far . END
at this point mrs. UNK UNK , one of wright's handsome daughters by his first wife , came from the house and tried to calm miriam as she tore down a no visitors sign and smashed the glass UNK on another sign with a rock . END
miriam noel wright said , `` here i am at my own home , locked out so i must stand in the road '' ! ! END
then she rounded on weston and cried , `` you always did wright's dirty work ! ! END
when i take over taliesin , the first thing i'll do is fire you '' . END
`` madame noel , i think you had better go '' , said mrs. UNK . END
`` and i think you had better leave '' , replied miriam . END
turning to the reporters , she asked , `` did you hear her ? ? END
' i think you had better leave ' ! ! END
and this is my own home '' . END
in the silence that followed , miriam walked close to mrs. UNK , who drew back a step on her side of the gate . END
then , with staring eyes and lips drawn thin , miriam said to the young woman , `` you are ugly -- UNK than you used to be , and you were always very ugly . END
you are even UNK than mr. wright '' . END
the UNK expressed by such a scene had the penetrating quality of a natural force ; ; END
and it gave miriam noel a fund of energy like that of a person inspired to complete some great and universal work of art . END
as if to make certain that wright would be unable to pay any settlement at all , miriam wrote to prospective clients denouncing him ; ; END
she also went to washington and appealed to senator george william UNK of nebraska , the fighting liberal , from whose office a sympathetic but cautious UNK was heard . END
then , after UNK to accept a settlement and go through with a divorce , miriam gave a ghastly echo of mrs. UNK by suddenly stating , `` i will never leave mr. wright '' . END
under this kind of pressure , it is not surprising that wright would make sweeping statements to the newspapers . END
miriam had not yet UNK him into mentioning her directly , but one can feel the generalized anger in wright's remarks to reporters when he was asked , one morning on arrival in chicago , what he thought of the city as a whole . END
first , wright said , he was choked by the smoke , which fortunately kept him from seeing the dreadful town . END
but surely michigan avenue was handsome ? ? END
`` that isn't a boulevard , it's a UNK '' ! ! END
cried wright , showing that automobiles were considered to be a danger as early as the 1920's . END
`` this is a horrible way to live '' , wright went on . END
`` you are being strangled by traffic '' . END
he was then asked for a solution of the difficulty , and began to talk trenchant sense , though private anguish showed through in the UNK of his manner . END
`` take a gigantic knife and sweep it over the loop '' , wright said . END
`` cut off every building at the seventh floor . END
you don't need concentration . END
if you cut down these horrible buildings you'll have no more traffic UNK . END
you'll have trees again . END
you'll have some joy in the life of this city . END
after all , that's the job of the architect -- to give the world a little joy '' . END
little enough joy was afforded wright in the spring of 1925 , when another destructive fire broke out at taliesin . END
the first news stories had it that this blaze was started by a bolt of lightning , as though miriam could call down fire from heaven like a prophet of the old testament . END
a storm did take place that night , and fortunately enough , it included a UNK that helped put out the flames . END
later accounts blamed defective UNK for starting the fire ; ; END
at any rate , heat grew so intense in the main part of the house that it melted the window UNK , and UNK the UNK pottery to UNK . END
wright set his loss at UNK , a figure perhaps justified by the unique character of the house that had been ruined , and the UNK taste that had gone into the selection of the prints and other things that were destroyed . END
in spite of the disaster , wright completed during this period plans for the lake tahoe resort , in which he suggested the shapes of american indian UNK -- a project of great and appropriate charm , that came to nothing . END
amid a shortage of profitable work , the memory of albert johnson's $20,000 stood out in lonely grandeur -- the money had quickly melted away . END
a series of conferences with friends and bankers began about this time ; ; END
and the question before these meetings was , here is a man of international reputation and proved earning power ; ; END
how can he be financed so that he can find the work he ought to do ? ? END
while this was under consideration , UNK as ever wright set about the building of taliesin 3 . END
as he made plans for the new taliesin , wright also got on paper his conception of a cathedral of steel and glass to house a congregation of all UNK , and the idea for a UNK with a sloping ramp . END
years were to pass before these plans came off the paper , and wright was justified in thinking , as the projects failed , that much of what he had to show his country and the world would never be seen except by visitors to taliesin . END
and now there was some question as to his continued residence there . END
billy UNK , who had once worked for wright as a chauffeur , gave a UNK for UNK use that he had seen olgivanna living at taliesin . END
this might put wright in such a bad light before a court that miriam would be awarded taliesin ; ; END
nor was she moved by a letter from wright pointing out that if he was not `` compelled to spend money on useless UNK bills , useless hotel bills , and useless doctor's bills '' , he could more quickly provide miriam with a suitable home either in los angeles or paris , as she preferred . END
miriam sniffed at this , and complained that wright had said UNK things about her to reporters . END
his reply was , `` everything that has been printed UNK to you , UNK to have come from me , was a betrayal , and nothing yet has been printed which i have sanctioned '' . END
what irritated miriam was that wright had told the papers about a reasonable offer he had made , which he considered she would accept `` when she tires of publicity '' . END
from her california headquarters , miriam fired back , `` i shall never divorce mr. wright , to permit him to marry olga UNK '' . END
then miriam varied the senseless psychological warfare by suddenly withdrawing a suit for separate maintenance that had been pending , and asking for divorce on the grounds of cruelty , with the understanding that wright would not contest it . END
the bank of wisconsin sent a representative to the UNK chambers in madison to give information on wright's ability to meet the terms . END
he said that the architect might reasonably be expected to carry his financial burdens if all UNK could be brought to an end , and that the bank would accept a mortgage on taliesin to help bring this about . END
miriam said that she must be assured that `` that other woman , olga , will not be in luxury while i am scraping along '' . END
this exhausted wright's patience , and in consequence he talked freely to reporters in a madison hotel suite . END
`` UNK laws , speed laws , divorce laws '' , he said , `` as they now stand , UNK the individual , make UNK and law UNK of us in one way or another , and tend to make our experiment in democracy absurd . END
if mrs. wright doesn't accept the terms in the morning , i'll go either to tokyo or to holland , to do what i can . END
i realize , in taking this stand , just what it means to me and mine '' . END
here wright gave a slight sigh of UNK , and continued , `` it means more long years lived across the social grain of the life of our people , making shift to live in the face of popular UNK and misunderstanding as i best can for myself and those dependent upon me '' . END
next day , word came that miriam was not going through with the divorce ; ; END
but wright stayed in the united states . END
his mentioning of japan and holland had been merely the expression of wishful thinking . END
no matter what troubles might UNK him , this most american of artists knew in his heart he could not function properly outside his native land . END
in a few weeks miriam made another UNK at taliesin , but was UNK at the locked and guarded gates . END
more likely , you simply told yourself , as you handed us the book , that it mattered little what we UNK providing we UNK the discipline of UNK . END
for UNK sake , i will not say that the coy and leering UNK UNK of those verses UNK itself into my soul . END
besides , that particular message does no more than UNK echo the roar in all fresh blood . END
but what you could not know , of course , was how smoothly the victorian fitzgerald was to lead into an american fitzgerald of my own UNK under whose banner we adolescents were to come , if not of age , then into a bright , taut UNK of it . END
i do not suppose you ever heard of f. scott fitzgerald , living or dead , and moreover i do not suppose that , even if you had , his legend would have seemed to you to warrant more than a UNK of disapproval . END
neither his UNK , his UNK , nor his despair were UNK to yours . END
he might have been the man in the moon for all you could have understood him . END
but he was no man in the moon to me . END
although his tender nights were not the ones i dreamed of , nor was it for UNK , sports cars , tall drinks , and swimming pools , nor yet for money or what money buys that i burned , i too was burning and watching myself burn . END
the flame was simply of a different kind . END
it was symbolized ( at least for those of us who recognized ourselves in the image ) by that UNK , UNK candle of UNK st. vincent UNK , that candle which from the UNK where she UNK it became a beacon to us , but which in point of fact would have had to be as tall as a funeral UNK to last even the evening , let alone the night . END
one should not , of course , UNK the head off a flower and expect its perfume to linger on . END
yet this passion for passion , now that i look back on it with passion spent , seems somewhat UNK and operatic , though as a UNK miss UNK perfectly controlled her notes . END
only what else was she singing but the old song of songs , that most ancient of tunes that nature plays with such UNK response upon young nerves ? ? END
perhaps this is not so little . END
perhaps the mere fact that by UNK on the nerves nature can awaken in the most ordinary of us , temporarily anyway , the sleeping poet , and in poets can discover their immortality , is the most remarkable of all the remarkable phenomena to which we can UNK ? ? END
one can see it as humiliating that an extra hormone casually fed into our chemistry may induce us to lay down our lives for a lover or a friend ; ; END
one can take it as no more than another veil torn from the mystery of the soul . END
but it could also be looked at from the other end of the spectrum . END
one could see this chemical UNK as in itself a miracle . END
in any case , miss UNK UNK bitterness , her variations on the theme that the world was not only well lost for love but even well lost for lost love , her constant and wonderfully tragic posture , so unlike that of fitzgerald since it required no scenery or props , drew from the me that i was when i fell upon her verses an overwhelming UNK . END
but all this , i am well aware , is the bel UNK of love , and although i have always liked to think that it was to the bel UNK and to that alone that i listened , i know well enough that it was not . END
if i am to speak the whole truth about my knowledge of love , i will have to stop trying to UNK the UNK nightingale . END
there is another side of love , more nearly symbolized by the UNK of the mating UNK , or better still perhaps by the UNK antics of the slug . END
whether you experienced the passion of desire i have , of course , no way of knowing , nor indeed have i wished with even the most fleeting fragment of a wish to know , for the fact that one constitutes by one's mere existence so to speak the proof of some sort of passion makes any UNK upon this part of one's parents' experience more UNK , more UNK , more deeply unwelcome than an UNK from a stranger . END
i recoil from the very thought . END
at the same time , i am aware that my recoil could be interpreted by readers of the tea leaves at the bottom of my psyche as an UNK sign , since theirs is a science of paradox : if one hates , they say it is because one loves ; ; END
if one UNK , they say it is because one is afraid ; ; END
if one UNK , they say it is because one desires ; ; END
and according to them , whatever one UNK one feels , what one feels in fact is the opposite . END
well , normally UNK or normally normal , neurotic or merely UNK ( do the UNK readers , by the way , allow UNK to have moral taste ? ? END
) , i have never wanted to know what you knew of passion . END
you probably would not remember , since you never seemed to remember even the same moments as i , much less their intensity , one sunny midday on fifth avenue when you had set out with me for some final shopping less than a week before the wedding you staged for me with such reluctance at the farm . END
i can see us now . END
we had been walking quite briskly , for despite your being so small and me so tall , your stride in those days could easily match mine . END
we had stopped before a shop window to assess its UNK display , when you suddenly turned to me , looking up from beneath one of your wrong hats , and with your nervous `` UNK '' ! ! END
said : `` there are things i must tell you about this man you are UNK which he does not know himself '' . END
if you had screamed right there in the street where we stood , i could not have felt more fear . END
with scarcely a UNK of excuse , i fled . END
i fled , however , not from what might have been the natural fear of being unable to disguise from you that the things about my UNK -- in the sense you meant the word `` things '' -- which you had been UNK yourself to tell me as a painful part of your maternal duty were things which i had already insisted upon finding out for myself ( despite , i may now say , the unspeakable UNK of making the discovery on principle , yes , on principle , and in cold blood ) because i was resolved , as a modern woman , not to be a UNK waiting for life but to seize life by the throat . END
i had developed too UNK a facade to be afraid of UNK . END
what i fled from was my fear of what , unwittingly , you might betray , without meaning to , about my father and yourself . END
but i can see from this latest trick of memory how much more arbitrary and influential it is than the will . END
while my memory holds with relentless tenacity , as i cannot too often stress , to my wrongs , when it comes to my UNK , it gestures and jokes and toys with chronology like a UNK in the hope of UNK me from them . END
just as i was about to enlarge upon my discovery of the underside of the leaf of love , memory , displeased at being asked to yield its UNK secrets , dashed ahead of me , calling back over its shoulder : `` skip it . END
cut it out '' . END
but i will not skip it or cut it out . END
it is not my intention in this narrative to picture myself as a helpless victim UNK to the rock of experience and left to the UNK of chance . END
if to be innocent is to be helpless , then i had been -- as are we all -- helpless at the start . END
but the time came when i was no longer innocent and therefore no longer helpless . END
helpless in that sense i can never be again . END
however , i confess my hope that i will be innocent again , not with a UNK , accidental innocence , but rather with an innocence achieved by the slow cutting away of the flesh to reach the bone . END
for innocence , of all the graces of the spirit , is i believe the one most to be prayed for . END
although it is constantly made to look foolish ( too simple to come in out of the rain , people say , who have found in the innocent an UNK ) , it does not mind looking foolish because it is not concerned with how it looks . END
it assumes that things are as they seem when they seem best , and when they seem worst it overlooks them . END
to innocence , a word given is a word that will be kept . END
instinctively , innocence does unto others as it expects to be done by . END
but when these expectations are once too often ground into the dust , innocence can UNK , since its strength is according to the strength of him who possesses it . END
the innocence of which i speak is , i know , not UNK . END
but i insist upon believing that even when it is lost , it may , like paradise , be regained . END
however , it was not of innocence in general that i was speaking , but of perhaps the UNK and surely the least important side of it which is innocence in romantic love . END
here , if anywhere , it is not wholly UNK . END
to you , for instance , the word innocence , in this connotation , probably retained its biblical , or should i say technical sense , and therefore i suppose i must make myself quite clear by saying that i lost -- or rather handed over -- what you would have considered to be my innocence two weeks before i was legally entitled , and in fact by oath required , to hand it over along with what other goods and UNK i had . END
but to me innocence is far less tangible . END
i had long since begun to lose my general innocence when i lost my trust in you , but this special innocence i lost before ever i loved , through my discovery that one could tremble with desire and even experience a flaming delight that had nothing , nothing whatever to do with friendship or liking , let alone with love . END
i knew this knowledge to be UNK at the time i acquired it ; ; END
today , these many years later , after all the temptations resisted or yielded to , the UNK satisfactions and the UNK UNK since endured , i call it UNK still . END
you , i could swear to it , remained innocent in this sense until the end . END
yours , but not mine , was an age in which innocence was fostered and carefully -- if not perhaps altogether UNK -- preserved . END
you had grown up at a time when the most distinguishing mark of a lady was the UNK me UNK writ plain across her face . END
moreover , because of the particular blot on your family UNK through what may only have been one UNK moment on your UNK part , and because you had the UNK kitchen and UNK bed of your childhood to outgrow , what you obviously most desired with both your conscious and unconscious person , what you bent your whole will , sensibility , and intelligence upon , was to be a lady . END
before being daughter , wife , or mother , before being cultured ( a word now UNK both socially and politically of the UNK you children of UNK bestowed on it ) , before being sorry for the poor , progressive about public health , and UNK if somewhat UNK UNK , indeed first and foremost , you were a lady . END
there was , of course , more to the portrait of a lady you carried in your mind's eye than the sine UNK non of her virtue . END
a lady , you made clear to me both by UNK and example , never raised her voice or slumped in her chair , never failed in social tact ( in heaven , for instance , would not mention st. john the UNK head ) , never UNK or withdrew or UNK in company , never reminded others of her physical presence by UNK sound or gesture , never indulged in public scenes or private UNK , never spoke of money save in terms of UNK suffering , never UNK or UNK , never stressed but always minimized the UNK of anything from sin to death itself . END
with each song he gave verbal UNK . END
the songs sandburg sang often reminded listeners of songs of a UNK character they knew entirely or in fragments . END
often these listeners would refer sandburg to persons who had similar ballads or UNK . END
in due time sandburg was a walking UNK of american folk music . END
after he had finished the first two volumes of his lincoln , sandburg went to work assembling a book of songs out of UNK and childhood days and from the memory of songs others had taught him . END
he UNK , found composers and UNK , collaborated on the main design and outline of UNK with musicians , ballad singers , and UNK . END
the result was a collection of 280 songs , ballads , UNK , brought together from all regions of america , more than one hundred never before published : the american UNK . END
each song or UNK was UNK by an author's note which indicated the origin and meaning of the song as well as special interest the song had , musical arrangement , and most of the chorus and verses . END
the book , published in 1927 , has been selling steadily ever since . END
as sandburg said at the time : `` it is as ancient as the medieval european ballads brought to the UNK mountains , it is as modern as UNK , the UNK act , and the latest oil well UNK '' . END
sandburg is in constant demand as an UNK . END
two things contribute to his popularity . END
first , carl respects his audience and prepares his speeches carefully . END
even when he is called upon for UNK remarks , he has notes written on the back of handy UNK . END
he has his own system of UNK , devised by UNK : `` humility '' will be `` UNK '' , `` with '' will be `` w '' , and `` that '' will be `` UNK '' . END
the second reason for his popularity is his complete spontaneity with the guitar . END
it is a mistake , however , to imagine that sandburg uses the guitar as a prop . END
he is no UNK college boy but rather a dedicated , humble , and UNK UNK of this instrument . END
at age UNK , he became what he shyly terms a `` pupil '' of UNK UNK , the great UNK of the western world . END
it is not easy to become UNK pupil . END
one needs high talent . END
UNK has written about carl : END
`` his fingers labor heavily on the strings and he asked for my help in UNK them . END
i found that this UNK , grown-up boy of 74 deserved to be taught . END
there has long existed a UNK affection between us , thus i accepted him as my pupil . END
just as in the case of every UNK child , we must watch for the efficacy of my teaching to show up in the future -- if he should master all the strenuous exercises i inflicted on him . END
to play the guitar as he UNK will UNK his UNK energy as a historian , a poet and a singer . END
one cause of UNK pessimism was the fact that he failed to learn the guitar . END
i am certain that carl sandburg will not fall into the same sad philosophy . END
the heart of this great poet constantly bubbles forth a generous joy of life -- with or without the guitar '' . END
the public's identification of carl sandburg and the guitar is no UNK . END
nor does carl reject this identity . END
he is proud of having UNK for a friend and dedicated a poem to him titled `` the guitar '' . END
carl says it is the greatest poem ever written to the guitar because he has never heard of any other poem to that subtle instrument . END
`` a portable companion always ready to go where you go -- a small friend weighing less than a UNK infant -- to be shared with few or many -- just two of you in sweet UNK '' . END
the new york herald UNK photographer , UNK rosenberg , tells an anecdote about the time he wanted to take a picture of carl playing a guitar . END
carl hadn't brought his along . END
mr. rosenberg suggested that they go out and find one . END
`` preferably '' , said carl , `` one battered and worn , such as might be found in a UNK '' . END
they went to the UNK of joseph miller of UNK sixth avenue . END
`` mr. miller was in the shop '' , the herald tribune story related , `` but was reluctant to have UNK picture taken inside , because his business was too ' confidential ' for pictures . END
`` but after UNK he asked : ' carl sandburg ? ? END
well you can pose inside . END
`` he wanted mr. sandburg to pose with one of the UNK he had displayed behind glass in the center of his shop , but the poet eyed this somewhat UNK . END
' UNK UNK ' , he said , ' used by radio UNK singers . END
`` he chose one from mr. miller's window , a plain guitar with no fancy polish . END
while the picture was taken , mr. miller's disposition to be generous to mr. sandburg increased to the point where he advised , ' i won't even charge you the one dollar rental fee ' '' . END
when someone in the audience rose and asked how does it feel to be a UNK , carl said , `` a UNK is a fellow who UNK celery with UNK '' . END
this has always been carl's attitude . END
lloyd lewis wrote that when he first knew carl in 1916 , sandburg was making UNK a week writing features for the day book and eating sparse UNK in UNK restaurants . END
he walked home at night for two miles beyond the end of a suburban trolley . END
when fame came it changed sandburg only slightly . END
lewis remembered another newspaperman asking , `` carl , have your ideas changed any since you got all these comforts '' ? ? END
carl thought the question over slowly and answered : `` i know a starving man who is fed never remembers all the UNK of his starvation , i know that '' . END
that was all he said , lewis reports . END
that was all he had to say . END
in answer to a new york times UNK on what is fame ( `` thoughts on fame '' , october 23 , 1960 ) , carl said : `` fame is a UNK of a pigment . END
it comes and goes . END
it changes with every generation . END
there never were two UNK alike . END
one fame is precious and luminous ; ; END
another is a bubble of a UNK '' . END
`` ah , did you once see shelley plain '' ? ? END
the impression you get from carl UNK home is one of laughter and happiness ; ; END
and the laughter and the happiness are even more pronounced when no company is present . END
carl has been married to paula for UNK years , and he has not made a single major decision without careful consideration and thorough discussion with his wife . END
through all these years , mrs. sandburg has UNK avoided the UNK . END
she has shared her husband's greatness , but only within the confines of their home ; ; END
it is a dedication which began the moment she met carl . END
mrs. sandburg received a UNK UNK kappa key from the university of chicago and she was busy writing and teaching when she met sandburg . END
`` you are the ' UNK poet ' '' was her appraisal in 1908 , and she stopped teaching and writing to devote herself to the fulfillment of her husband's career . END
she has rarely been photographed with him and , except for carl's UNK anniversary celebration in chicago in 1953 , she has not attended the dozens of UNK , functions , public appearances , and dinners honoring him -- all of this upon her insistence . END
even now i will not UNK upon her except to state a few bare facts . END
the only way to describe paula sandburg is to say she is beautiful in a grecian sense . END
her clothes , her hair , everything about her is both graceful and simple . END
she has small , broad , capable hands and an enormous energy . END
she is not only a trained UNK and UNK , but a good architect . END
she designed and supervised the building of the UNK , michigan , house , most of which was constructed by one local carpenter who carried the heavy beams singly upon his shoulder . END
as the sandburg goat herd increased , she also designed the barn alterations to accommodate them . END
when erosion threatened the foundation of their home in UNK , paula sandburg planted UNK and arranged the snow fences which helped hold the sands away . END
she was born lilian steichen , her parents immigrants from luxemburg . END
her mother called her UNK , a luxemburg UNK meaning `` UNK '' . END
some of the children of the family could not UNK this name and called her paula , a UNK carl liked so much she has been paula ever since . END
but neither was lilian her UNK name . END
her parents , pious roman catholics , UNK her mary anne elizabeth UNK steichen . END
`` my mother read a book right after i was born and there was a lilian in the book she loved and i became lilian -- and eventually i became paula '' . END
lilian steichen was an exceptional student . END
this family of luxemburg immigrants , in fact , produced two exceptional children . END
UNK older brother is edward steichen , a talented artist and , for the past UNK , one of the world's eminent photographers . END
( two years ago the photography editor of vogue magazine titled his article about steichen , `` the world's greatest photographer '' . END
by the time lilian had been graduated from public school , her parents were doing quite well . END
her mother was a good manager and established a UNK business in milwaukee . END
but her father was not enthusiastic about sending young paula to high school . END
`` this is no place for a young girl '' , he said . END
the parents UNK , however , on a convent school and paula went to UNK academy in london , UNK . END
she was pious , too , once kneeling through the night from holy thursday to good friday , despite the protest of the nuns that this was too much for a young girl . END
she knelt out of reverence for having read the meditations of st. augustine . END
she read everything else she could get her hands on , including an article ( she thinks it was in the atlantic monthly ) by mark UNK on `` white slavery '' . END
paula was UNK about what was happening to little girls and vowed to kneel no more in chapel . END
she had come to a decision . END
if there was ever a thought in her mind she might devote her life to religion , it was now dispelled . END
`` i felt that i must devote myself to the ' outside ' world '' . END
she passed the entrance examinations to the university of illinois , but during the year at UNK felt more important events UNK at the university of chicago . END
`` and besides , UNK UNK was one of the chicago professors '' . END
at the university of chicago she studied UNK and shelley , and became a socialist . END
socialist leaders in milwaukee recognized her worth , not only because of her dedication but because of her UNK in german , french , and luxemburg . END
she once gave a german UNK before a convention of UNK teachers in milwaukee . END
carl and paula met in milwaukee in 1907 during UNK christmas holiday visit to her parents . END
carl was still charles a. sandburg . END
he `` UNK '' paula for lilian steichen , and it was paula who insisted on carl for charles . END
victor berger , the UNK of wisconsin socialism and member of congress , had asked paula steichen to translate some of his german editorials into english . END
carl , who was stationed in UNK , wisconsin , organizing for the social democrats , was in berger's office and made it his business to escort paula to the streetcar . END
she left the next day for her teaching job at princeton , illinois . END
( after graduation from the university of chicago , paula taught for two years in the normal school at valley city , north dakota , then two years at princeton ( illinois ) township high school . END
) by the time the streetcar pulled away , he had fallen in love with paula . END
a letter awaited her at princeton . END
paula says that even though carl's letters usually began , `` dear miss steichen '' , there was an understanding from the beginning that they would become husband and wife . END
paula generously lent me one of carl's love letters , dated february 21 , 1908 , hotel UNK , UNK , wisconsin : END
`` dear miss steichen : it is a very good letter you send me -- UNK the intensity of this UNK warfare i am carrying on up here . END
never until in this work of UNK organization have i realized and felt the attitude and experience of a teacher . END
the united states is always ready to participate with the soviet union in serious discussion of these or any other subjects that may lead to peace with justice . END
certainly it is not necessary to repeat that the united states has no intention of interfering in the internal affairs of any nation ; ; END
by the same token , we reject any soviet attempt to impose its system on us or other peoples by force or UNK . END
now this concern for the freedom of other peoples is the intellectual and spiritual cement which has allied us with more than forty other nations in a common defense effort . END
not for a moment do we forget that our own fate is firmly fastened to that of these countries ; ; END
we will not act in any way which would jeopardize our solemn commitments to them . END
we and our friends are , of course , concerned with UNK . END
growing out of this concern is the realization that all people of the free world have a great stake in the progress , in freedom , of the UNK and newly emerging nations . END
these peoples , desperately hoping to lift themselves to decent levels of living must not , by our neglect , be forced to seek help from , and finally become virtual satellites of , those who proclaim their hostility to freedom . END
but they must have technical and investment assistance . END
this is a problem to be solved not by america alone , but also by every nation UNK the same ideals and in position to provide help . END
in recent years america's partners and friends in western europe and japan have made great economic progress . END
the international economy of 1960 is markedly different from that of the early postwar years . END
no longer is the united states the only major industrial country capable of providing substantial amounts of the resources so urgently needed in the newly developed countries . END
to remain secure and prosperous themselves , wealthy nations must extend the kind of co-operation to the less fortunate members that will UNK hope , confidence , and progress . END
a rich nation can for a time , without noticeable damage to itself , pursue a course of self-indulgence , making its single goal the material ease and comfort of its own citizens -- thus UNK its own spiritual and material stake in a peaceful and prosperous society of nations . END
but the UNK it will incur , the isolation into which it will descend , and the internal moral and spiritual softness that will be engendered , will , in the long term , bring it to economic and political disaster . END
america did not become great through softness and self-indulgence . END
her miraculous progress in material achievements flows from other qualities far more worthy and substantial : adherence to principles and methods UNK with our religious philosophy ; ; END
a satisfaction in hard work ; ; END
the readiness to sacrifice for worthwhile causes ; ; END
the courage to meet every challenge ; ; END
the intellectual honesty and capacity to recognize the true path of her own best interests . END
to us and to every nation of the free world , rich or poor , these qualities are necessary today as never before if we are to march together to greater security , prosperity and peace . END
i believe that the industrial countries are ready to participate actively in UNK the efforts of the developing nations to achieve progress . END
the immediate need for this kind of co-operation is UNK by the strain in this nation's international balance of payments . END
our surplus from foreign business transactions has in recent years fallen substantially short of the expenditures we make abroad to maintain our military establishments overseas , to finance private investment , and to provide assistance to the less developed nations . END
in 1959 our deficit in balance of payments approached four billion dollars . END
continuing UNK of anything like this magnitude would , over time , impair our own economic growth and check the forward progress of the free world . END
we must meet this situation by promoting a rising volume of exports and world trade . END
further , we must induce all industrialized nations of the free world to work together to help lift the UNK of poverty from less fortunate . END
this co-operation in this matter will provide both for the necessary sharing of this burden and in bringing about still further increases in mutually profitable trade . END
new nations , and others struggling with the problems of development , will progress only -- regardless of any outside help -- if they demonstrate faith in their own destiny and use their own resources to fulfill it . END
moreover , progress in a national transformation can be only gradually earned ; ; END
there is no easy and quick way to follow from the UNK to the jet plane . END
but , just as we drew on europe for assistance in our earlier years , so now do these new and emerging nations that do have this faith and determination deserve help . END
respecting their need , one of the major focal points of our concern is the UNK region . END
here , in two nations alone , are almost five hundred million people , all working , and working hard , to raise their standards , and in doing so , to make of themselves a strong bulwark against the spread of an ideology that would destroy liberty . END
i cannot express to you the depth of my conviction that , in our own and free world interest , we must co-operate with others to help these people achieve their legitimate ambitions , as expressed in their different UNK plans . END
through the world bank and other UNK , as well as through individual action by every nation in position to help , we must squarely face this UNK challenge . END
i shall continue to urge the american people , in the interests of their own security , prosperity and peace , to make sure that their own part of this great project be amply and cheerfully supported . END
free world decisions in this matter may spell the difference between world disaster and world progress in freedom . END
other countries , some of which i visited last month , have similar needs . END
a common meeting ground is desirable for those nations which are prepared to assist in the development effort . END
during the past year i have discussed this matter with the leaders of several western nations . END
because of its wealth of experience , the organization for european economic cooperation could help with the initial studies needed . END
the goal is to enlist all available economic resources in the industrialized free world , especially private investment capital . END
by extending this help , we hope to make possible the enthusiastic enrollment of these nations under UNK banner . END
no more startling contrast to a system of sullen satellites could be imagined . END
if we grasp this opportunity to build an age of productive partnership between the less fortunate nations and those that have already achieved a high state of economic advancement , we will make brighter the outlook for a world order based upon security and freedom . END
otherwise , the outlook could be dark indeed . END
we face , indeed , what may be a turning point in history , and we must act decisively and wisely . END
as a nation we can successfully pursue these objectives only from a position of broadly based strength . END
no matter how earnest is our quest for guaranteed peace , we must maintain a high degree of military effectiveness at the same time we are engaged in negotiating the issue of arms reduction . END
until tangible and mutually UNK arms reduction measures are worked out we will not weaken the means of defending our institutions . END
america possesses an enormous defense power . END
it is my studied conviction that no nation will ever risk general war against us unless we should become so foolish as to neglect the defense forces we now so powerfully support . END
it is world-wide knowledge that any power which might be tempted today to attack the united states by surprise , even though we might sustain great losses , would itself promptly suffer a terrible destruction . END
but i once again assure all peoples and all nations that the united states , except in defense , will never turn loose this destructive power . END
during the past year , our long-range striking power , UNK today in manned bombers , has taken on new strength as the atlas intercontinental ballistic missile has entered the operational inventory . END
in fourteen recent test UNK , at ranges of five thousand miles , atlas has been striking on an average within two miles of the target . END
this is less than the length of a jet runway -- well within the circle of destruction . END
incidentally , there was an atlas firing last night . END
from all reports so far received , its performance UNK to the high standards i have just described . END
such performance is a great tribute to american scientists and engineers , who in the past five years have had to telescope time and technology to develop these long-range ballistic missiles , where america had none before . END
this year , moreover , growing numbers of nuclear UNK submarines will enter our active forces , some to be armed with polaris missiles . END
these remarkable ships and weapons , ranging the UNK , will be capable of accurate fire on targets virtually anywhere on earth . END
to meet situations of less than general nuclear war , we continue to maintain our carrier forces , our many service units abroad , our always ready army strategic forces and marine corps divisions , and the civilian components . END
the continuing modernization of these forces is a costly but necessary process . END
it is scheduled to go forward at a rate which will steadily add to our strength . END
the UNK of a portion of these forces beyond our shores , on land and sea , is persuasive demonstration of our determination to stand UNK with our allies for collective security . END
moreover , i have directed that steps be taken to program on a longer range basis our military assistance to these allies . END
this is necessary for a sounder collective defense system . END
next i refer to our program in space exploration , which is often UNK supposed to be an integral part of defense research and development . END
we note that , first , america has already made great contributions in the past two years to the world's fund of knowledge of UNK and space science . END
these discoveries are of present interest chiefly to the scientific community ; ; END
but they are important foundation stones for more extensive exploration of outer space for the ultimate benefit of all mankind . END
second , our military missile program , going forward so successfully , does not suffer from our present lack of very large rocket engines , which are necessary in distant space exploration . END
i am assured by experts that the thrust of our present missiles is fully adequate for defense requirements . END
third , the united states is pressing forward in the development of large rocket engines to place vehicles of many tons into space for exploration purposes . END
fourth , in the meantime , it is necessary to remember that we have only begun to probe the environment immediately surrounding the earth . END
using launch systems presently available , we are developing satellites to scout the world's weather ; ; END
satellite UNK stations to facilitate and extend communications over the globe ; ; END
for navigation aids to give accurate bearings to ships and aircraft ; ; END
and for UNK instruments to collect and UNK the data we seek . END
fifth , we have just completed a year's experience with our new space law . END
i believe it UNK in certain particulars . END
suggested improvements will be submitted to the congress shortly . END
the accomplishment of the many tasks i have UNK to requires the continuous strengthening of the spiritual , intellectual , and economic UNK of american life . END
the steady purpose of our society is to assure justice , before god , for every individual . END
we must be ever alert that freedom does not UNK through the careless UNK of restrictive controls or the lack of courage to deal boldly with the issues of the day . END
a year ago , when i met with you , the nation was emerging from an economic UNK , even though the signs of UNK prosperity were not then sufficiently convincing to the doubtful . END
today our UNK strength is apparent to everyone . END
1960 promises to be the most prosperous year in our history . END
yet we continue to be afflicted by nagging disorders . END
among current problems that require solutions , participated in by citizens as well as government , are : END
the need to protect the public interest in situations of prolonged labor-management UNK ; ; END
the persistent refusal to come to grips with a critical problem in one sector of american agriculture ; ; END
the continuing threat of inflation , together with the UNK tendency toward fiscal UNK ; ; END
in certain instances the denial to some of our citizens of equal protection of the law . END
the group , upon the issuance of its first press release on december 21 , 1957 , designated itself a `` committee of investigation '' . END
in the course of its inquiry , it took testimony from only seven witnesses . END
it heard bang-jensen twice and his lawyer , adolf a. berle , jr. , once . END
its second press release was on january 15 , 1958 , and it recommended that the secret papers be destroyed . END
it also implied that paul bang-jensen had been irresponsible . END
on january 18 , ernest gross conducted a press conference at the u.n. lasting an hour . END
here , he openly attacked bang-jensen and referred to his `` aberrant conduct '' . END
this conference was held despite UNK assurance to adolf berle , who was leaving the same day for puerto rico , that nothing would be done until his return on january 22 , except that the secretary general would probably order the list destroyed . END
on january 24 paul bang-jensen , accompanied by adolf berle , was met by UNK UNK and colonel frank UNK , former police chief of UNK , UNK , and now head of u.n. special police . END
the four , UNK in UNK , mounted to the UNK roof of the u.n. END
there , UNK lit a fire in a wire basket , and bang-jensen dropped four sealed UNK into the flames . END
in one of these he said were notes on the identities of the UNK refugees . END
the method of destroying the evidence embarrassed paul bang-jensen . END
he knew it would be implied that it was done in this way at his insistence . END
he was right , and peter marshall could not help but recall andrew UNK words on the subject , `` well , it seemed as good a place as any to do the job '' . END
the gross group had been formed for the express purpose of UNK the secretary general . END
hammarskjold's supposed desire to seek outside legal advice in the guise of ernest gross is illusion , at best . END
UNK , being `` outside '' the u.n. applied only to a physical state , not an objective one . END
but by the time the papers were finally disposed of , the group had informed the world of its purpose , its recommendations , and its belief that paul bang-jensen was not of sound mind . END
shortly the group would issue its report to the secretary general , recommending paul bang-jensen's dismissal from the united nations . END
the contents of this UNK document would become known to many before it would become known to the man it was written about . END
`` until this hungarian committee matter came up , bang-jensen was a fine and devoted individual . END
i had known him for some years , when i was a delegate and before , and this manner had never been his '' . END
ernest a. gross leaned back in his chair and told peter marshall how secretary general dag hammarskjold had , on december 4 , 1957 , called him in as a private lawyer to review bang-jensen's conduct `` relating to his association with the special committee on the problem of hungary '' . END
the result was the `` gross report '' , prepared by gross , as chairman , with the assistance of two u.n. under secretaries , UNK UNK and UNK de UNK . END
`` yes '' , gross went on , `` bang-jensen was an UNK young man . END
he had always done well . END
never well known , but he had done his work competently . END
gross had received marshall UNK and they were discussing the case . END
`` you know '' , the lawyer said , `` it's difficult to talk like this about a man who can't answer back '' . END
gross was behind a UNK desk , only a UNK UNK before him . END
marshall sat in one of the several leather chairs . END
outside the office windows , twenty-four stories above wall street , a light rain was falling . END
`` mr. gross , your report says that ' our function is UNK and advisory and does not in any way UNK from or prejudice mr. bang-jensen's rights as a staff member . END
you know , bang-jensen characterized your committee as having UNK his case '' . END
gross swung his swivel chair . END
`` well , how could that have been ? ? END
i don't consider that he was UNK . END
we were given a job and we carried it out , and later , his case was taken up by the UNK committee . END
`` we have nothing to hide under a UNK . END
we did our job , mr. UNK and mr. de UNK and myself , taking evidence from a number of people '' . END
`` what did you think about his mental state '' ? ? END
`` i think our report sums up our finding '' , gross answered . END
`` don't forget , here was a man who had been accusing his colleagues for almost a year of UNK attempting to present an incorrect report . END
`` this was not merely UNK errors , but was carried out by UNK allegations in UNK , written charges of serious consequence . END
`` this is a distressing thing . END
UNK you or i were being accused in this manner , and yet we were doing our level best to carry on our work . END
no organization can carry on like that . END
`` i've been in government and i can tell some pretty hairy stories about personnel difficulties , so i know what a problem he was '' . END
`` what i'd like you to comment on is the criticism leveled at your committee '' . END
`` what do you mean '' ? ? END
`` for instance , regarding the fact that the gross committee issued two interim announcements to the press during its investigation . END
you know bang-jensen was told the committee was ' to convey its views , suggestions and recommendations to the secretary general . END
in his own words , bang-jensen ' took it for granted that the group would report to the secretary general privately and not in public . END
he claimed that the release of the preliminary findings was ' UNK to his position ' '' . END
for an instant he glared UNK at marshall . END
`` listen '' , he said . END
`` i thought the entire report was going to be confidential from beginning to end . END
but you know bang-jensen launched an active campaign against us in the press . END
it was getting so that we , the committee , were being tried . END
you can find it in the papers '' . END
`` well , as a matter of fact , i've looked through UNK files of new york papers for december , 1957 , and haven't found a great deal '' -- END
gross shot another look at marshall . END
`` it wasn't necessarily all here in new york . END
don't forget the foreign press '' . END
`` then what about the second interim public announcement ? ? END
this cited bang-jensen's ' aberrant conduct ' '' . END
`` the reason for that report was to settle the matter of the list . END
as far as i'm concerned , it was a separate matter from the general committee study of bang-jensen's conduct . END
the january fifteen report recommended that bang-jensen be instructed to burn the list -- the papers -- in the presence of a u.n. security officer '' . END
`` how about your press conference three days later -- what was the reason for that ? ? END
bang-jensen said you told correspondents that you had checked in advance to make sure the term ' aberrant conduct ' was not UNK . END
he claimed you made other UNK allegations '' . END
gross paused and repeated himself . END
`` the entire object of the press conference was to clarify the problem of the list , since many in the press were UNK the u.n. about it . END
what was the list ? ? END
bang-jensen never explained what the documents or papers were that he had in his possession . END
`` it was foolish of him to keep them , whatever they were . END
he could have been UNK , or his family might have been threatened . END
of course the matter caught the public's attention . END
we attempted to conclude this , and did so by having the papers burned . END
hammarskjold didn't like the way it was carried out . END
it was a sort of UNK affair . END
hammarskjold believes the u.n. is an organization that UNK matters in a procedural way . END
if hammarskjold had not wanted the list disposed of in this manner , and if bang-jensen had not wanted it -- who had ordered it ? ? END
`` mr. gross , concerning the formation of your committee , there's the fact that you have been a legal adviser to the u.n. in the past ; ; END
as i understand it , mr. hammarskjold wanted outside advice . END
could you comment on that '' ? ? END
`` i've served as a counsel for the u.n. for some years , specializing particularly in real estate matters or other problems that the regular u.n. legal staff might not be equipped to handle . END
mr. UNK is the u.n. legal chief and a very good man , but he is not fully UNK on some technical points of american law '' . END
`` what did you think about bang-jensen's contention of errors and UNK in the hungarian report '' ? ? END
`` those '' ! ! END
`` why , UNK shann went over and over the report with UNK UNK , trying to check them out . END
even after the incident between bang-jensen and shann in the UNK lounge and this was not the way the chicago tribune presented it '' . END
gross reached in his desk and pulled out two newspaper clippings . END
one was an article on the u.n. by alice UNK from the cincinnati UNK . END
the other was by UNK manley in the chicago daily tribune . END
gross pointed to the manley story . END
`` i know UNK , he's a friend of mine . END
he probably didn't mean to write it this way , or maybe he did . END
there wasn't any ' violent argument ' between bang-jensen and shann , as the tribune puts it . END
that implies that shann was on the enemy side . END
you see what i mean ? ? END
how it's UNK there -- the word violent . END
`` the case was that bang-jensen came up to shann claiming he had found further errors in the report . END
' i've found errors and i want you to look them over . END
so once again shann had to argue with him about this . END
but it wasn't a violent discussion . END
and after all this , shann went over all that bang-jensen had brought up '' . END
( UNK own report , peter marshall reflected , describes the encounter as `` UNK '' . END
bang-jensen was in `` hysterical condition '' . END
gross stopped briefly , then went on . END
`` shann was responsible for the report . END
he has felt terrible about all this . END
it was a good report , he did all he could to make it a good report . END
when i speak of how shann felt , i know well . END
don't forget , i am an old member of the club , a former delegate . END
i think you are being unfair to take these things up now . END
`` you know , this hits in many areas . END
it appeals to those who were frustrated in the outcome of the hungarian situation . END
don't forget , the u.n. did no more than the united states did . END
it takes a great deal of sophisticated thought to get the impact of this fact '' . END
from the home of his friend , UNK UNK , in washington , d.c. , paul bang-jensen sent a telegram dated december 9 , 1957 , to ernest gross . END
it said in part : END
`` the matters to be considered are obviously of a grave character , and i therefore UNK request that the hearing be postponed for two weeks in order that i might make adequate preparation '' . END
ernest gross replied the next day , putting the suspended UNK fears to rest . END
`` this reveals some misunderstanding on your part . END
the group conducting the review is not holding formal hearings . END
it wished to pursue , in the course of this review , questions arising from the body of material already in its possession . END
it sounded like a fair enough invitation , peter marshall reflected , and bang-jensen must have thought so too , because on the UNK , he met the group of three on the UNK floor of the u.n. . END
there , ernest gross further assured him : END
`` we were requested by the secretary general , as i understand it , to discuss with you such matters as appear to us to be relevant , and we are not of course either a formal group or a committee in the sense of being guided by any rules or regulations of the secretariat . END
the only rules which i think we shall follow will be those of common sense , justice , and fairness '' . END
peter marshall noted that bang-jensen had later referred to his two interviews with the gross group as `` unfortunate experiences '' , and after his second meeting on the sixteenth the UNK refused to attend further hearings without legal counsel . END
marshall pondered the reason for this , and pondered too the replacement of one member of the UNK group . END
j. a. c. UNK , after serving gross one week , left for england . END
fortunately the hole was found at last and UNK . END
another week passed and even the missionaries were enjoying the voyage . END
the sickness was gone and , after all , the two young couples were on their honeymoon . END
the only lasting difficulty was the food . END
in spite of UNK UNK explicit instructions regarding variation of meals , the food did not seem the same as at home . END
`` everything tasted differently from what it does on land and those things i was most fond of at home , i loathed the most here '' , ann noted . END
at last they concluded that the heavy , full feeling in their UNK was due to lack of exercise . END
walking was the remedy , they decided , but a deck full of chicken UNK and UNK was hardly suitable . END
skipping was the alternative . END
a rope was found and , like children in school , the missionaries skipped for hours at a time . END
finally , tiring of so monotonous a form of exercise , they decided to dance instead . END
it was much more fun , reminding the girls of their old carefree days in the UNK UNK room at bradford . END
the weather turned warmer and with it came better UNK , although harriet was still a little UNK . END
she could not face coffee or tea without milk , and was always UNK types of food that were not available aboard a sailing ship . END
by now she was sure she was going to have a baby , deciding it would be born in india or burma that november . END
she was more excited than frightened at the prospect of having her first child in a foreign land . END
the crew of the caravan never failed to UNK ann , who during her stay in salem must frequently have overheard strong UNK language . END
she wrote in her journal , `` i have not heard the least UNK language since i have been on board the vessel . END
this is very uncommon '' . END
she was now enjoying the voyage very much . END
even the first wave of UNK had passed , although there were moments when captain heard pointed out on his compass the direction of bradford that she felt a little UNK at her heart . END
as for adoniram , she found him to be `` the UNK '' of husbands . END
on sundays , with the permission of captain heard , who usually attended with two of his officers , services were held in the double cabin . END
sometimes a ship would be sighted and the caravan pass so close that people could easily be seen on the distant deck . END
captain heard did not communicate with any strange vessels because of the possibility of war between the united states and britain . END
as warmer temperatures were encountered ann and harriet were introduced to the pleasures of bathing daily in salt water . END
when may came the caravan had already crossed the UNK . END
they were sailing round the cape of good hope ; ; END
the weather had turned wet and cold . END
at this time harriet wrote in a letter which after their finally landing in india was sent to her mother : END
`` i care not how soon we reach calcutta , and are placed in a still room , with a bowl of milk and a loaf of indian bread . END
i can hardly think of this simple fare without exclaiming , oh , what a luxury . END
i have been so weary of the excessive rocking of the vessel , and the almost UNK smell after the rain , that i have done little more than lounge on the bed for several days . END
but i have been UNK with excellent spirits , and to-day have been running about the deck , and dancing in our room for exercise , as well as ever '' . END
while studying at the seminary in UNK , adoniram had been working on a new testament translation from the original greek . END
he had brought it along to continue during the voyage . END
there was one particular word that troubled his conscience . END
this was the greek word most often translated as `` baptism '' . END
born a UNK , he had been baptized as a tiny baby in the usual manner by having a few drops of water sprinkled on his head , yet nowhere in the whole of the new testament could he find a description of anybody being baptized by sprinkling . END
john the baptist used total UNK in the river jordan for believers ; ; END
even christ was baptized by this method . END
the more adoniram looked at the greek word for baptism , the more unhappy he became over its true meaning . END
as was only natural he confided his UNK to ann , UNK UNK that it certainly looked as if their own UNK were wrong and the baptists right . END
ann was very troubled . END
by this time she had learned that it was futile to argue with her young husband , yet the uncomfortable fact remained : the american UNK were sending them as missionaries to the far east and paying their salaries . END
what would happen if adoniram `` changed horses in UNK '' ? ? END
baptists and UNK in new england were on friendly terms . END
how embarrassing it would be if the newly appointed UNK missionaries should suddenly switch their own beliefs in order to embrace baptist teachings ! ! END
`` if you become a baptist , i will not '' , ann informed her husband , but sweeping her threat aside adoniram continued to search for an answer to the personal dilemma in which he found himself . END
by early june they were a hundred miles off the coast of ceylon , by which time all four missionaries were hardened UNK . END
even harriet could boldly write , `` i know not how it is ; ; END
but i hear the thunder roll ; ; END
see the lightning flash ; ; END
and the waves threatening to swallow up the vessel ; ; END
and yet remain UNK '' . END
ann UNK to the sight of a delicate UNK and two strange tropical birds . END
land was near , and on june 12 , one hundred and fourteen days after leaving america , they actually saw , twenty miles away , the coast of UNK . END
captain heard gave orders for the ship to be anchored in the bay of bengal until he could obtain the services of a reputable pilot to steer her through the shallow waters . END
sometimes ships waited for days for such a man , but captain heard was lucky . END
next day a ship arrived with an english pilot , his UNK , an english youth , and the first UNK the UNK and UNK had ever seen . END
a little man with a `` a dark copper color '' skin , he was wearing `` UNK trousers and a white cotton short gown '' . END
ann was plainly disappointed in his appearance . END
`` he looks as feminine as you can imagine '' , she decided . END
the pilot possessed excellent skill at his calling ; ; END
all day long the caravan slowly made her way through the difficult passages . END
alas , to UNK UNK , his language while thus employed left much to be desired . END
he swore so loudly at the top of his voice , that she didn't get any sleep all the next night . END
next morning the caravan was out of the treacherous bay . END
relieved of the major part of his responsibility for the safety of the ship , the UNK UNK became fewer . END
slowly she moved up the UNK river , a mouth of the mighty UNK , toward calcutta . END
ann was UNK with the view , as were her husband and friends . END
running across the deck , which was empty now that the livestock had been killed and eaten , they sniffed the UNK UNK that came from the shore , each pointing out new and exciting wonders to the other . END
out came the journal and in it went UNK own description of the scene : END
`` on each side of the UNK , where we are now sailing , are the UNK cottages , as thick together as the houses in our UNK . END
they are very small , and in the form of UNK , without either chimney or windows . END
they are situated in the midst of trees , which hang over them , and appear truly UNK . END
the grass and fields of rice are perfectly green , and herds of cattle are everywhere feeding on the banks of the river , and the natives are scattered about differently employed . END
some are fishing , some driving the team , and many are sitting UNK on the banks of the river . END
the UNK we have passed are much larger than the houses '' . END
harriet was just as delighted . END
where were the hardships she had expected ? ? END
she was certain now that it would be no harder to bear her child here in such pleasant surroundings than at home in the big white house in UNK . END
with childlike innocence she wrote of the indians as `` walking with fruit and UNK in their hands , with the tawny children around them . END
this is the most delightful trial i have ever had '' , she decided . END
the indians who came aboard ship to collect the mail also interested her greatly , even if she was UNK shocked , according to the customs of the society in which she had been reared , to find them `` naked , except a piece of cotton cloth wrapped around their middle '' . END
at last they saw calcutta , largest city of bengal and the UNK destination . END
founded august 24 , UNK by job UNK of the east india company , and commonly called `` the city of palaces '' , it seemed a vast and elegant place to ann UNK UNK . END
solid brick buildings painted dazzling white , large domes and tall , picturesque palms stretched as far as the eye could see , while the UNK and harbor were filled with UNK sailing ships . END
the noise stunned her . END
crowds UNK through the waterfront streets chattering loudly in their UNK UNK tongue . END
UNK mouth watered with anticipation when after months of dreaming she sat down at last to her UNK milk and fresh bread . END
ann , pleased to see her friend happy , was UNK by the new fruits a friend of captain heard had sent on board for their enjoyment . END
cautiously she sampled her first pineapple and another fruit whose taste she UNK to that of `` a rich pear '' . END
though she did not then know its name , this strange new fruit was a banana . END
the first act of adoniram and samuel on reaching calcutta was to report at the police station , a necessity when landing in east india company territory . END
on the way they tried to discover all they could about burma , and they were disturbed to find that michael UNK book had not presented an altogether true picture . END
he had failed to realize that the burmese were not really treating him as the important visitor he considered himself . END
they were in fact quietly laughing at him , for their king wished to have nothing to do with the western world . END
when captain john UNK of salem had visited burma in 1793 his ship , the UNK , had been promptly UNK and taken by her UNK up the UNK river . END
although after much trouble he did manage to get it back , he discovered there was no trade to be had . END
all captain UNK took back to salem were a few items for the town's east india museum . END
a year later another salem ship returned from burma with a cargo of gum UNK which nobody wanted to buy . END
after that salem ships decided to UNK unfriendly burma . END
the burmese appeared to have little knowledge of british power or any idea of trade . END
cruel burmese governors could , on the slightest UNK , take a man's life . END
as for missionaries , even if they succeeded in getting into the country they probably would not be allowed to preach the christian faith to the UNK . END
unspeakable UNK or even execution might well be their fate . END
`` go back to america or any other place '' , UNK friends of captain heard advised them , `` but put thoughts of going to burma out of your heads '' . END
somewhat UNK , the two american missionaries reached the police station where they were questioned by a most unfriendly clerk . END
when he discovered they had received from the company's court of directors no permission to live in india , coupled with the fact that they were americans who had been sent to asia to convert `` the UNK '' , he became more belligerent than ever . END
they explained that they desired only to stop in india until a ship traveling on to burma could be found . END
she describes , first , the imaginary reaction of a foreigner puzzled by this `` UNK UNK '' ; ; END
he is answered by a confused , honest englishman . END
the reasons for the whig joy on this occasion are found to be their expectation of UNK control of the government , their delight at the prospect of a new war , their hopes of having the tories hanged , and so on . END
as for the author of the englishman , mrs. manley UNK UNK that the sole defense of the protestant cause should be left to `` UNK , dick steele , and their associates , with the UNK of young man's UNK '' . END
another controversy typical of the war between the englishman and the examiner centered on robert ( later UNK ) molesworth , a whig leader in ireland and a member of the irish privy council . END
on december 21 , the day that the irish house of commons petitioned for removal of sir constantine UNK , their tory lord chancellor , molesworth reportedly made this remark on the defense of UNK by UNK : `` they that have turned the world upside down , are come UNK also '' . END
upon complaints from the lower house of UNK to the house of UNK , he was removed from the privy council , his remark having been represented as a blasphemous UNK to the clergy . END
steele , who had earlier praised molesworth in UNK no. UNK , now defended him in englishman no. 46 , depicting his removal as a UNK to the constitution . END
on the other hand , molesworth was naturally assailed in the tory press . END
swift , in the UNK edition of a UNK to the bishop of UNK introduction , indicated his feelings by including molesworth , along with UNK , UNK , and collins , in the group of those who , like UNK , are engaged in attacking all UNK of the clergy . END
in the same way he coupled molesworth and UNK in a letter to archbishop king , and he had earlier described him as `` the worst of them '' in some `` observations '' on the irish privy council submitted to oxford . END
a month later , in the UNK spirit of the whigs , he used steele's defense of molesworth as evidence of his UNK for the clergy , calling steele's position an UNK to the `` whole UNK of ireland '' . END
on this issue , then , as on so many in these months , steele and swift took rigidly opposed points of view . END
in the early months of UNK , the battle between swift and steele over the issue of the succession entered its major phase . END
the UNK ended with the publication of steele's crisis on january 19 , and from that point on the fight proceeded at a rapid pace . END
in answer to the crisis , swift produced the UNK spirit of the whigs , his most extensive and bitter attack on his old friend . END
by this time , as we shall see , the tories were already planning to `` UNK '' steele for his political writing by UNK him from the house of commons . END
despite his defense of himself in the final paper of the englishman and in his speech before the house , their efforts were successful . END
steele lost his seat in parliament , and his personal quarrel with swift , by now a public issue , thus reached its climax . END
of all the whig tracts written in support of the succession , the crisis is perhaps the most significant . END
certainly it is the most pretentious and elaborate . END
hanoverian agents assisted in promoting circulation , said to have reached 40,000 , and if one may judge by the reaction of swift and other government writers , the work must have had considerable impact . END
steele's main business here is to arouse public opinion to the immediate danger of a stuart restoration . END
to this end , the first and longest section of the tract cites all the laws enacted since the revolution to defend england against the `` arbitrary power of a UNK prince '' . END
in his comment on these laws steele sounds all the usual notes of current whig propaganda , ranging from a criticism of the tory peace to an attack on the dismissal of UNK ; ; END
but his principal theme is that the UNK of the tories , `` our UNK or UNK party '' , pose an immediate threat to church and state . END
like UNK , he UNK the indifference of the people in the face of the crisis . END
UNK books striking at the hanoverian succession , he UNK , are allowed to pass UNK . END
in this connection , swift , too , is drawn in for attack : `` the author of the conduct of the allies has dared to drop UNK about altering the succession '' . END
in his effort to stir the public from its lethargy , steele goes so far as to list catholic UNK of the sort to be expected in the event of a stuart restoration , and , with rousing rhetoric , he asserts that the only preservation from these `` UNK '' is to be found in the laws he has so UNK cited . END
`` it is no time '' , he writes , `` to talk with hints and UNK , but openly and honestly to profess our sentiments before our enemies have UNK and put their designs in execution against us '' . END
steele apparently professed his sentiments in this book too openly and honestly for his own good , since the government was soon to use it as evidence against him in his trial before the house . END
in the final issues of the englishman , which ended just as the new session of parliament began , he provided his enemies with still more ammunition . END
for example , no. 56 printed the patent giving the electoral prince the title of duke of cambridge . END
in a few months the duke was to be the center of a controversy of some significance on the UNK question of the protestant succession . END
at the order of the UNK UNK , the hanoverian agents , supported by the whig leaders , demanded that a writ of UNK be issued which would call the duke to england to sit in parliament , thus further insuring the succession by establishing a hanoverian prince in england before the UNK death . END
anne was furious , and UNK advised that the request be refused . END
oxford , realizing that the law required the issuance of the writ , took the opposite view , for which the queen never UNK him . END
accordingly the request was granted , but the UNK himself , who had not been consulted by his mother , rejected the proposal and recalled his agent UNK , whose UNK handling of the affair had caused the hanoverian interest to suffer and had made UNK dismissal more likely than ever . END
steele in this paper is indicating his sympathy for such a plan . END
a few days after this englishman appeared , UNK reported to oxford that steele was expected to move in parliament that the duke be called over ; ; END
UNK then commented , `` if they could draw that young gentleman into their measures they would show themselves quickly , for they are not UNK to say they want only a head to make a beginning '' . END
the final issue of the englishman , no. 57 for february 15 , ran to some length and was printed as a separate UNK , entitled the englishman : being the close of the paper so-called . END
steele's purpose is to present a general defense of his political writing and a resume of the themes which had occupied him in the englishman ; ; END
but there is much here also which bears directly on his personal quarrel with swift . END
thus he UNK , with considerable justice , that the tory writers have resorted to UNK instead of answering his arguments . END
his birth , education , and fortune , he says , have all been UNK simply because he has spoken with the freedom of an englishman , and he assures the reader that `` whoever talks with me , is speaking to a gentleman born '' . END
as notable examples of this abuse , he quotes passages from the examiner , `` that UNK of all things '' , and the character of richard steele , which he here attributes to swift . END
though put in rather UNK terms , steele's defense of himself has a reasonable basis . END
his point is simply that the tories have showered him with personal satire , despite the fact that as a private subject he has a right to speak on political matters without UNK the UNK of the sovereign . END
he claims , too , that his political convictions are simply those which are called `` revolution principles '' and which are accepted by moderate men in both parties . END
the final section of this UNK is of special interest in a consideration of steele's relations with swift . END
it UNK to be a letter from steele to a friend at court , who , in miss UNK opinion , could only be meant as swift . END
steele first answers briefly the charges which his `` dear old friend '' has made about his UNK on UNK and his crisis . END
then he UNK into an attack on the tory ministers , whom he calls the `` new converts '' ; ; END
by this term he means to ridicule their professions of acting in the interest of the church despite their own education and manner of life -- a UNK , in other words , at the `` UNK '' in UNK family and at UNK reputed UNK . END
the tory leaders , he UNK , are UNK using the church as a political `` UNK '' to increase party friction and keep themselves in power . END
this is the principal point made in this final section of englishman no. 57 , and it caps steele's efforts in his other writing of these months to counteract the notion of the tories as a `` church party '' supported by the body of the clergy . END
next , steele turns his attention to the `` courtier '' he is addressing . END
he explains that there are sometimes honorable courtiers , but that too often a man who succeeds at court does not hesitate to sacrifice his sovereign and nation to his own UNK and ambition . END
such , he implies , is the case with his friend , who is not really a new convert himself but merely a UNK of new converts . END
if `` jack the courtier '' is really to be taken as swift , the following remark is obviously steele's comment on UNK change of parties and its effect on their friendship : `` i assure you , dear jack , when i first found out such an UNK in you , as makes you of so UNK a constitution , that you may be worked into any form an UNK UNK , i UNK i should not enjoy your UNK much longer '' . END
he closes his `` letter '' by demanding that UNK be demolished , that the UNK be forced to move farther away from the coast of england , and that the queen and the house of hanover come to a better understanding . END
the last point was soon to be included in the `` UNK '' remarks used against him in parliament . END
the examiner , during steele's trial a month later , printed an answer from the `` courtier '' addressed to `` r. s. '' at UNK UNK . END
he reviews steele's entrance into politics and finds that his present difficulties are due to his habit of UNK to his own abilities and talents achievements which more properly should be credited to the indulgence of his friends . END
once more , in other words , steele is said to be indebted to swift for his `` wit '' ; ; END
this was the form in which their private UNK most often appeared in the tory press , especially the examiner . END
in the UNK spirit of the whigs , it may be noted , swift himself UNK dismissed steele's reference to his friend at court : `` i suppose by the style of old friend , and the like , it must be some body there of his own level ; ; END
among whom , his party have indeed more friends than i could wish '' . END
on february 16 , steele took his seat in parliament . END
by now he was undergoing a fresh torrent of abuse from tory papers and pamphlets , and action was being taken to effect his punishment by expulsion from parliament . END
on the very day that the parliamentary session began , another `` infamous UNK '' appeared , entitled a letter from the UNK dr. andrew UNK , at bath , to the venerable UNK UNK . END
it is filled with the usual personal abuse of steele , especially of his physical appearance ; ; END
in the opening paragraph , too , steele is accused of extreme UNK , of giving `` himself the preference to all the learned , his contemporaries , from dr. swift himself , even down to poet UNK of the UNK '' . END
when harold arlen returned to california in the winter of 1944 , it was to take up again a collaboration with johnny mercer , begun some years before . END
the film they did after his return was an UNK bit of nothing titled out of this world , a satire on the sinatra UNK UNK . END
the twist lay in using UNK UNK voice on the sound track while leading man eddie UNK UNK the words . END
if nothing else , at least two good songs came out of the project , `` out of this world '' and `` june comes around every year '' . END
though they would produce some very memorable and lasting songs , arlen and mercer were not given strong material to work on . END
their first collaboration came close . END
early in 1941 they were assigned to a script titled hot UNK . END
it purported to be a reasonably serious attempt at a treatment of jazz musicians , their aims , their problems -- the UNK between the `` pure '' and the `` commercial '' -- and seemed a promising vehicle , for the two men shared a common interest in jazz . END
johnny mercer practically grew up with the sound of jazz and the blues in his ears . END
he was born in savannah , georgia , in 1909 . END
his father , george a. mercer , was descended from an honored southern family that could trace its ancestry back to one hugh mercer , who had UNK from scotland in UNK . END
the UNK father was a lawyer who had UNK out into real estate . END
his second wife , lillian , was the mother of john h. mercer . END
by the age of six young johnny indicated that he had the call . END
one day he followed the irish UNK greens , the town band , to a picnic and spent the entire day listening , while his family spent the day looking . END
the disappearance caused his family to assign a full-time maid to keeping an eye on the boy . END
but one afternoon mrs. mercer met her ; ; END
both were obviously on the way to the mercer home . END
the mother inquired , `` where's johnny , and why did you leave him '' ? ? END
`` there was nothing else i could do '' , the maid answered , satisfied with a rather vague explanation . END
but mrs. mercer demanded more . END
the maid then told her , `` because he fired me '' . END
with her son UNK so strong a musical bent his mother could do little else but get him started on the study of music -- though she waited until he was ten -- beginning with the piano and following that with the trumpet . END
young mercer showed a remarkable lack of UNK for both instruments . END
still , he did like music making and even sang in the chapel choir of the UNK forest school , near orange , virginia , where he sounded fine but did not UNK too well . END
when he was fifteen john h. mercer turned out his first song , a UNK little thing he called `` sister susie , UNK your stuff '' . END
if his scholarship and formal UNK were not all they might have been , mercer demonstrated at an early age that he was gifted with a remarkable ear for rhythm and dialect . END
from his UNK in savannah , mercer had picked up , along with a soft southern dialect , traces also of the UNK dialects of africa . END
such speech differences made him acutely aware of the richness and UNK of language . END
during the summers , while he was still in school , mercer worked for his father's firm as a messenger boy . END
it generally took well into the autumn for the firm to recover from the summer's help . END
`` we'd give him things to deliver , letters , checks , deeds and things like that '' , remembers his UNK walter , still in the real estate business in savannah , `` and learn days later that he'd UNK stuffed them into his pocket . END
there they stayed '' . END
this rather detached attitude toward life's UNK has seemed to be the dominant UNK in mercer's personality ever since . END
it is , however , a UNK disguise , or perhaps a shield , for not only has mercer proved himself to be one of the few great UNK over the years , but also one who can function remarkably under pressure . END
he has also enjoyed a successful career as an UNK ( his records have sold in the millions ) and is a sharp businessman . END
he has also an extraordinary conscience . END
in 1927 his father's business collapsed , and , rather than go bankrupt , mercer senior turned his firm over to a bank for liquidation . END
he died before he could completely pay off his debts . END
some years later the bank handling the mercer liquidation received a check for UNK , enough to clear up the debt . END
the check had been mailed from chicago , the envelope bore no return address , and the check was not signed . END
`` that's johnny '' , sighed the bank president , `` the UNK boy in the world , but UNK '' . END
but mercer's explanation was simple : `` i made out the check and carried it around a few days UNK -- in case i lost it '' . END
when he remembered that he might have not signed the check , mercer made out another for the same amount , UNK the bank to destroy the other -- especially if he had happened to have UNK signed both of them . END
when the family business failed , mercer left school and on his mother's urging -- for she hoped that he would become an actor -- he joined a local little theater group . END
when the UNK traveled to new york to participate in a UNK competition -- and won -- mercer , instead of returning with the rest of the company in triumph , remained in new york . END
he had talked one other member of the group to stay with him , but that friend had tired of not eating regularly and returned to savannah . END
but mercer hung on , living , after a fashion , in a greenwich village UNK UNK . END
`` the place had no sink or UNK , only a bathtub '' , his mother discovered when she visited him . END
`` johnny insisted on cooking a chicken dinner in my honor -- he's always been a good cook -- and i'll never forget him cleaning the chicken in the tub '' . END
a story , no doubt UNK , for mercer himself denies it , has him sporting a monacle in those village days . END
though merely clear glass , it was a distinctive trade mark for an UNK actor who hoped to UNK himself upon the memories of producers . END
one day in a bar , so the legend goes , someone put a beer stein with too much force on the monacle and broke it . END
the innocent UNK , filled with that supreme sense of honor found in bars , insisted upon replacing the destroyed monacle -- and did , over the protests of the former owner -- with a square monacle . END
mercer is supposed to have refused it with , `` anyone who wears a square monacle must be affected '' ! ! END
UNK miller , then assistant director for the UNK gaieties , a theatre guild production , needed a UNK for a song he had written ; ; END
he just happened not to need any actor at the moment , however . END
for him mercer produced the lyric to `` out of breath scared to death of you '' , introduced in that most successful of all the gaieties , by sterling UNK . END
this 1930 edition also had songs in it by vernon duke and UNK UNK , by e. y. UNK and duke , and by harry UNK . END
entrance into such UNK song writing company encouraged the burgeoning song writer to take a wife , elizabeth UNK , a dancer in the gaieties . END
the UNK took up residence in brooklyn , and mercer found a regular job in wall street `` UNK stocks and bonds '' . END
when he heard that paul whiteman was looking for singers to replace the rhythm boys , mercer applied and got the job , `` not for my voice , i'm sure , but because i could write songs and material generally '' . END
while with the whiteman band mercer met jerry arlen . END
he had yet to meet harold arlen , for although they had `` collaborated '' on `` UNK UNK lamb '' , mercer and UNK had worked from a lead sheet the composer had furnished them . END
the lyric , mercer remembers , was tailored to fit the unusual melody . END
mercer's whiteman association brought him into contact with UNK UNK , whose `` UNK '' mercer UNK as `` UNK '' , in which form it became a hit and marked the real beginning of mercer's UNK career . END
after leaving whiteman , mercer joined the UNK UNK band as a UNK . END
with the help of UNK elman , also in the band , he transformed a traditional jewish melody into a popular song , `` and the angels sing '' . END
the UNK success of `` UNK '' and `` and the angels sing '' could only lead to hollywood , where , besides harold arlen , mercer collaborated with harry warren , jimmy van UNK , richard UNK , walter UNK , jerome kern , and arthur schwartz . END
mercer has also written both music and lyrics for several songs . END
he may be the only song writer ever to have collaborated with a secretary of the u. s. treasury ; ; END
he collaborated on a song with william hartman UNK , who was secretary of the treasury , UNK . END
when johnny mercer and harold arlen began their collaboration in 1940 , mercer , like arlen , had several substantial film songs to his credit , among them `` UNK for hollywood '' , `` ride , UNK , ride '' , `` have you got any castles , baby ? ? END
'' , and `` too marvelous for words '' ( all with richard UNK ) ; ; END
with harry warren he did `` the girl friend of the whirling UNK '' , `` UNK UNK '' , and `` you must have been a beautiful baby '' . END
mercer's lyrics are characterized by an UNK ear for rhythmic UNK , a UNK sense of humor expressed in language with a UNK flair . END
though UNK and capable of turning out a ballad lyric with the best of them , mercer's forte is a highly polished UNK wit . END
his casual , UNK working methods , often as not in UNK , were an abrupt change from UNK , so that arlen had to adjust again to another approach to collaboration . END
there were times that he worked with both UNK simultaneously . END
speaking of his work with johnny mercer , arlen says , `` our working habits were strange . END
after we got a script and the spots for the songs were blocked out , we'd get together for an hour or so every day . END
while johnny made himself comfortable on the couch , i'd play the tunes for him . END
he has a wonderfully UNK memory . END
after i would finish playing the songs , he'd just go away without a comment . END
i wouldn't hear from him for a couple of weeks , then he'd come around with the completed lyric '' . END
arlen is one of the few ( possibly the only ) composer mercer has been able to work with so closely , for they held their meetings in UNK study . END
`` some guys bothered me '' , mercer has said . END
`` i couldn't write with them in the same room with me , but i could with harold . END
he is probably our most original composer ; ; END
he often uses very odd rhythms , which makes it difficult , and challenging , for the lyric writer '' . END
while arlen and mercer collaborated on hot UNK , mercer worked also with arthur schwartz on another film , navy blues . END
arlen , too , worked on other projects at the same time with old friend ted UNK . END
besides doing a single song , `` when the sun comes out '' , they worked on the ambitious UNK suite , for voices and piano , as well as songs for films . END
the UNK suite is in a sense an extension of the cotton club songs in that it is a collection of negro songs , not for a night club , but for the concert stage . END
the work had its beginning in 1938 with an UNK musical strain to which UNK set the words `` UNK be no more work ; ; END
UNK be no more worry '' , matching the spiritual feeling of the UNK . END
this grew into the song `` big time UNK '' . END
by september 1940 the suite had developed into a collection of six songs , `` four UNK , a dream , and a lullaby '' . END
the negro composer hall johnson studied the UNK suite and said of it , `` of all the many songs written by white composers and employing what claims to be a UNK idiom in both words and music , these six songs by harold arlen and ted UNK easily stand far out above the rest . END
thoroughly modern in treatment , they are at the same time , full of simple sincerity which invariably characterizes genuine negro UNK and are by no means to be confused with the average ' broadway UNK ' which depend for their racial flavor upon sundry allusions to the ' amen corner ' , ' UNK day , ' gabriel's horn , and a frustrated devil -- with a few random UNK thrown in for good measure . END
i feel obliged to describe this UNK . END
it had a single UNK stall and but one cabinet for the UNK of the UNK . END
it was here that the UNK UNK moon played an UNK role during the children's party . END
a much larger room , adjacent to the lavatory , served as a passageway to and from the UNK toilet . END
that UNK room was large enough for -- well , say an elephant could get into it and , as a matter of fact , an elephant did . END
something occurred on the morning of the children's party which may illustrate the kind of trouble our restricted toilet facilities caused us . END
it so happened that sports writer arthur robinson got out of the hospital that morning after promising his doctor that he be back in an hour or two to continue his UNK . END
arthur robinson traveled with the baseball clubs as staff correspondent for the american . END
he was ghost writer for babe ruth , whose main talent for literary composition was the signing of his UNK . END
UNK was a war veteran with UNK knees . END
he arrived on crutches at the newspaper club with one of his great UNK , oliver herford , artist , author , and foe of stupidity . END
mr. UNK appearance was that of a frustrated UNK . END
he seemed timid ( at first , ) wore nose glasses from which a black ribbon UNK , and was no bigger than a jockey . END
robinson asked herford to escort him to the club's lavatory before they sat down for a highball and a game of cards . END
in the UNK , after UNK and his crutches were properly UNK , mr. herford went to the adjoining facility . END
he had barely assumed his stance there when a fat fellow charged through the doorway . END
without any regard for UNK UNK , the UNK stranger almost knocked herford off his pins . END
the UNK said nothing , but stood to one side . END
he waited a long time . END
nothing was said , nothing accomplished . END
the unrelieved stranger eventually turned away from the place of his -- shall we dare say his UNK ? ? END
-- to go to the door . END
mr. herford touched the fat man's arm . END
`` pardon me , sir . END
may i say that you have just demonstrated the truth of an old proverb -- the younger UNK , if memory serves me -- which , translated freely from the archaic latin , says , ' the more haste , the less UNK ' '' . END
governor alfred e. smith was the official host at the children's party . END
united states senator royal s. UNK was wearing the robes of santa UNK and a great white beard ; ; END
the honorable robert wagner , sr. , at that time a justice of the new york supreme court , was on the reception committee . END
i was in charge of the arrangements -- which were soon enough UNK . END
i had had difficulties from the very first day . END
when , in my enthusiasm , i proposed the party , my city editor ( who disliked the club and many of its members ) tried to block my participation in the gala event . END
even earlier than that he had resented the fact that i had been chosen to UNK the club's reporter . END
city editor victor watson of the new york american was a man of brooding suspicions and mysterious shifts of mood . END
mr. hearst's UNK code word for victor watson was `` UNK '' . END
the staff saw in him the qualities of a don UNK , hence , as mentioned before , his nickname `` the hetman '' . END
the hetman's physical aspects were not those of a savage rider of the UNK . END
indeed , he looked more like a UNK lay brother of the UNK of st. bernard . END
nor were his manners UNK . END
he had a UNK voice and poker player's immobility of features which somehow conveyed the feeling that he knew where all the bodies were buried . END
he was the son of a scottish father and an american jewish mother , long widowed , with whom he lived in a comfortable home in UNK . END
he had worked in the newspaper business since he was nineteen years old , always for the hearst service . END
from the very first he regarded himself as mr. hearst's disciple , UNK , and afterward his prime minister , UNK . END
it was said that the hetman plotted to take over the entire hearst newspaper empire one day by means of various UNK : the destruction of editors who tried to halt his course , the UNK of publishers whose mistakes of judgment might be magnified in secret reports to mr. hearst . END
whatever the hetman's ambitions , his colleagues were kept ill at ease . END
among the outstanding members of the hearst cabinet whom he successfully opposed for a time were the great arthur UNK , bradford UNK , UNK UNK , and colonel van hamm . END
he also disliked UNK , for no good reason other than the fact that the UNK talent was so marked as to put him well beyond the hetman's UNK or his supervision . END
UNK , for his part , had a contemptuous regard for mr. watson . END
`` he's a UNK '' , said UNK , `` and i wouldn't trust him as far as i could throw the statue of liberty '' . END
arthur `` bugs '' baer wrote to me just recently , `` vic wanted to die in harness , with his head towards the wagon . END
he supported his mother and his brother , who afterwards committed suicide . END
watson told me that his brother always sent roses to his mother , blossoms bought with UNK allowance to him . END
' and would you believe it ' , vic added , ' she likes him better than she does me . END
why ' '' ? ? END
about the only time the hetman seemed excited was when one of his own pet ideas was born . END
then he would get to his feet , as though rising in honor of his own remarkable powers , and say almost invariably , `` gentlemen , this is an amazing story ! ! END
it's bigger than the armistice '' . END
some of the hetman's `` ideas '' were UNK , vaguely imparted , and at times preposterous . END
one day he assigned me to lay bare a `` plot '' by the UNK to supply UNK to a wholly UNK revolution he said was about to occur in cuba . END
he said that his information was so secret that he would not be able to UNK in me the origin of his pipeline tip . END
`` i can tell you this much '' , he said . END
it's bigger than the armistice '' . END
i worked for a day on this plainly ridiculous assignment and consulted several of my own well-informed sources . END
then i spent the next two days at the baseball park and at jack UNK pool UNK . END
when i returned to make my report , the hetman did not remember having sent me on the secret mission . END
he was busy , he said , in having someone submit to a UNK operation . END
and i was to go to work on that odd matter . END
i shall tell of it later on . END
the hetman had a strong liking for a story , any story which was to be had by means of much UNK or by UNK methods . END
most of my stories were obtained by simply seeking out the person who could give me the facts , and not as a rule by playing clever tricks . END
one day i tired of following the hetman's advice of `` shadowing '' and of the `` UNK '' approach to a report that UNK UNK had pinched a lady's hip while visiting the central park monkey house . END
i explained my state of mind to artist UNK UNK and to `` bugs '' baer . END
mr. baer obtained a supply of UNK hair and UNK from an actor at the UNK . END
we fashioned beards , put them on , and reported to the hetman at the city desk . END
mr. baer had an UNK beard , like UNK . END
mr. UNK had on a sort of emperor UNK beard and mustache . END
as for myself , i had on an enormous black `` UNK '' . END
this , together with a derby hat and UNK UNK , gave me the appearance of a russian UNK . END
`` we are ready for your next mysterious assignment '' , said mr. baer to the hetman . END
`` where to , sir '' ? ? END
mr. watson did not have much humor in his make-up , but he managed a UNK smile . END
just then a reporter telephoned in from the bronx to give the rewrite desk an account of a murder . END
the hetman told me to take the story over the phone and to write it . END
while i was sitting at one of the rewrite telephones with my derby and my great beard , arthur UNK UNK in with some editorial copy in his hand . END
he paused for a moment to look at me , then went on to the city desk to deliver his `` today '' column . END
i thought it expedient to take off my derby , my glasses , and the beard ; ; END
and also to change telephones . END
i managed to do this by the time the great UNK returned to the place where he last had seen the fierce UNK . END
he stood there staring with disbelief at the vacant desk . END
then he wrinkled his huge brow and went slowly out of the room . END
he had a somewhat UNK expression . END
he had been `` seeing things '' . END
the hetman's `` ideas '' for news stories or editorial campaigns were by no means always fruitless or lacking in merit . END
he campaigned successfully for the UNK of `` death avenue '' and also brought about the ending of pollution of metropolitan beaches by sewage . END
he exposed the UNK racket with the able assistance of two excellent reporters , UNK UNK and carl helm . END
in the conduct of these and many other campaigns , the hetman proved to be a much UNK journalist than his critics allowed . END
it seems to me now , in a long backward glance , that many of the hetman's UNK and odd actions -- together with his grim posture when brandishing the hatchet in the name of mr. hearst -- were UNK with the tragedy which was to close over him one day . END
alone , rejected on every hand , divorced , and in financial trouble , he leaped from an UNK window of the abbey hotel in 1937 . END
one finds it difficult to pass UNK on the lonely figure who waited for days for a saving word from his UNK served idol , UNK hearst . END
that word was withheld when the need of it seemed the measure of his despair . END
the UNK note , written in pencil upon the back of a used envelope , and addressed to the coroner , makes one wonder about many things : `` god forgive me for everything . END
much to UNK UNK amazement , as well as my own , i got along splendidly with the hetman ; ; END
that is , until i became an editor , hence , in his eyes , a rival . END
not long after colonel van hamm had UNK me on the watson staff i received a salary raise and a contract on the hetman's recommendation . END
during the next years he gave me the second of the five contracts i would sign with the hearst service . END
it was a somewhat unusual thing for a reporter to have a contract in those days before the epidemic of UNK UNK . END
i would like to believe that my ability UNK this advancement . END
somehow i think that watson paid more attention to me than he otherwise might have because his foe , colonel van hamm , wouldn't touch me with a UNK blue pencil . END
i remember one day when mr. hearst ( and i never knew why he liked me , either ) sent the hetman a telegram : `` please find some more reporters like that young man from denver '' . END
watson showed this wire to colonel van hamm . END
the colonel grunted , then made a remark which might be construed in either of two ways . END
`` don't bother to look any further . END
we already have the only one of its kind '' . END
the hetman did have friends , but they were mostly outside the newspaper profession . END
sergeant mike UNK , congressional medal of honor soldier , was one of them . END
dr. UNK s. gregory was another . END
i used to go with watson to call on the eminent UNK at his apartment , to sit among the doctor's excellent collection of statues , paintings , and books and drink oriental coffee while watson seemed to thaw out and become almost UNK . END
there was one time , however , when his face clouded and he suddenly UNK , `` why did my brother commit suicide '' ? ? END
i cannot remember dr. UNK reply , if , indeed , he made one . END
if she were not at home , mama would see to it that a fresh white rose was there . END
sometimes , mrs. coolidge would close herself in the green suite on the second floor , and play the piano she had brought to the white house . END
mama knew she was playing her son's favorite pieces and feeling close to him , and did not disturb her . END
all the rest of the days in the white house would be UNK by the tragic loss , even though the president tried harder than ever to make his little dry jokes and to tease the people around him . END
a little boy came to give the president his personal UNK , and the president gave word that any little boy who wanted to see him was to be shown in . END
UNK , the maids cried a little over that , and the standing invitation was not mentioned to mrs. coolidge . END
the president was even more generous with the first lady than he had been before the tragedy . END
he would bring her boxes of candy and other presents to UNK a smile to her lips . END
he brought her UNK . END
dresses were short in the days of mrs. coolidge , and spanish UNK were thrown over them . END
he got her dozens of them . END
one UNK was so tremendous that she could not wear it , so she draped it over the banister on the second floor , and it hung over the stairway . END
the president used to look at it with a ghost of a smile . END
mrs. coolidge spent more time in her bedroom among her doll collection . END
she kept the dolls on the lincoln bed . END
at night , when mama would turn back the covers , she would have to take all the dolls off the bed and place them elsewhere for the night . END
mama always felt that the collection symbolized mrs. UNK wish for a little girl . END
among the dolls was one that meant very much to the first lady , who would pick it up and look at it often . END
it had a tiny envelope tied to its wrist . END
an accompanying sympathetic letter explained that inside the envelope was a name for mrs. UNK first UNK . END
mama knew this doll was meant to help mrs. coolidge overcome her grief by turning her eyes to the future . END
the name inside the envelope was `` UNK '' . END
the UNK life , after the death of their son , was quieter than ever . END
john was away at school most of the time . END
mrs. coolidge would knit , and the president would sit reading , or playing with the many pets around them . END
now and then , the president would call for `` little jack , master of the UNK '' , which was his nickname for a messenger who had worked in the white house since teddy roosevelt's administration , and discuss the welfare of some one of the animals . END
it was part of little jack's work to look after the dogs . END
one white house dog was UNK in a painting . END
that was rob roy , who posed with mrs. coolidge for the portrait by howard chandler UNK . END
to get him to pose , mrs. coolidge would feed him candy , so he enjoyed the portrait sessions as well as she did . END
i would like to straighten out a misconception about the dress mrs. coolidge is wearing in this painting . END
it is not the same dress as the one on her UNK in the UNK . END
people think the dress in the picture was UNK by an artist much later on . END
this is not true . END
the dress in the painting is a bright red , with UNK forming a spray on the right side . END
there is a long train flowing from the shoulders . END
mrs. coolidge gave mama this dress for me , and i wore it many times . END
i still have the dress , and i hope to give it to the UNK institution as a UNK , or , as i more fondly hope , to present it to a museum containing articles showing the daily lives of the presidents -- if i can get it organized . END
but to get back to the coolidge household , mrs. coolidge so obviously loved dogs , that the public sent her more dogs -- calamity jane , UNK , and UNK . END
the last two were a red and a black UNK . END
rob roy remained boss of all the dogs . END
he showed them what to do , and taught them how to keep the maids around the white house in a state of terror . END
the dogs would run through the halls after him like a burst of bullets , and all the maids would run for cover . END
mama didn't know what to do -- whether to tell on rob roy or not -- since she had the ear of mrs. coolidge more than the other maids . END
but she was afraid the first lady would not understand , because rob roy was a perfect angel with the first family . END
every day , when the president took his nap , rob roy would stretch out on the window seat near him , like a perfect gentleman , and stare thoughtfully out the window , or he would take a little nap himself . END
he would not make a sound until the president had UNK and left for the office ; ; END
then he would bark to let everyone know the coast was clear . END
his signal was for the other dogs to come running , but it was also the signal for mama and the other maids to watch out . END
rob roy was UNK to accompany the president to his office every morning . END
rob roy was well aware of the importance of this mission , and he would walk in front of the president , looking neither to the right nor to the left . END
at dinner , lunch , or breakfast , the president would call out , `` supper '' ! ! END
-- he called all meals supper -- after the butler had announced the meal . END
all the dogs would dash to get on the elevator with the president and go to the dining room . END
they would all lie around on the rug during the meal , a very pretty sight as rob roy , prudence , and calamity jane were all UNK . END
when prudence and UNK were too young to be trusted in the dining room , they were tied to the radiator with their UNK , and they would cry . END
mama tried to talk to them and keep them quiet while she UNK up the sitting room before the first family returned . END
finally , mama did mention to mrs. coolidge that she felt sorry for the little dogs , and then mrs. coolidge decided to leave the radio on for them while she was gone , even though her husband disapproved of the waste of electricity . END
mama was now the first maid to mrs. coolidge , because catherine , the previous first maid , had become ill and died . END
mrs. coolidge chose mama in her place . END
it was a high mark for mama . END
every first family seems to have one couple upon whom it relies for true friendship . END
for the UNK , it was mr. and mrs. frank w. UNK of boston , massachusetts , owners of a large department store . END
they seemed to be at the white house half the time . END
the UNK were amused because when the UNK were there , the president would say grace at breakfast . END
if the UNK were not there , grace would be omitted . END
speaking of breakfast , the president inaugurated a new custom -- that of conducting business at the breakfast table . END
the word was that this too was part of an economy move on his part . END
a new bill had been passed under UNK that designated the government , rather than the president , as the UNK for official meals . END
so the president would make a hearty breakfast official by inviting government officials to attend . END
he caused a lot of talk when he also chose the breakfast hour to have the barber come in and trim his hair while he ate . END
mama said that if presidents were supposed to be colorful , mr. coolidge certainly made a good president . END
he knew exactly how to be colorful ! ! END
the favorite guest of the house , as far as the staff was concerned , was mr. UNK , the chewing gum king . END
the white house had chewing gum until it could UNK no more , and every christmas , mr. UNK sent the president a check for $100 , to be divided among all the help . END
you can imagine that he got pretty good service . END
another good friend of the UNK was george b. harvey , who was the ambassador to great britain from 1921 to 1923 . END
he had been a friend of the UNK , and continued to be invited by the UNK . END
the first royalty whom mama ever waited on in the white house was queen marie of UNK , who came to a state dinner given in her honor on october 21 , 1926 . END
she was not an overnight guest in the white house , but mr. UNK hoover , the chief UNK , had mama check her fur coat when she came in , and take care of her needs . END
mama said she was one of the prettiest ladies she had ever seen . END
mama was very patriotic , and one of the duties she was UNK of was UNK the edges of the flag that flew above the white house . END
actually , two flags were used at the mansion -- a small one on rainy days , and a big one on bright days . END
the wool would become UNK around the edges from blowing in the wind , and mama would UNK it . END
she would often go up on the roof to see the attendant take down the flag in the evening . END
she used to tell me , `` when i stand there and look at the flag blowing this way and that way , i have the wonderful , safe feeling that americans are protected no matter which way the wind blows '' . END
even when mrs. coolidge was in mourning for her son , she reached out to help other people in trouble . END
one person she helped was my brother . END
mama had told her how UNK lungs had been affected when he was UNK in the war . END
he was in and out of mount alto hospital for veterans any number of times . END
taking a personal interest , she had the doctor assigned to the white house , dr. james UNK , look emmett over . END
as a result , he was sent to a hospital in arizona until his health improved enough for him to come back to washington to work in the government service . END
but again , there was danger that his lungs would suffer in the UNK washington weather , and he had to return to the dry climate of the west to live and work . END
when mrs. coolidge was in mourning , she did not wear black . END
she wore grey every day , and white every evening . END
mama knew that she was out of mourning when she finally wore bright colors . END
the president helped her a lot by selecting some lovely colored dresses to get her started . END
she opened the boxes with a tear in her eye and a sad smile on her face . END
on the social side , the chore mama had at the formal UNK at the white house UNK her the most . END
it was her job to stand at the foot of the stairs , and , just as the first lady stepped off the last tread , mama would straighten out her long train before she marched to the blue room to greet her guests with the president . END
mama would enjoy the sight of the famous guests as much as anyone , and would note a gown here and there to tell me about that night . END
one night , mama came home practically in a state of shock . END
she had stood at the bottom of the stairs , as usual , when mrs. coolidge came down , in the same dress that is now in the UNK , to greet her guests . END
mama UNK down to fix the train , but there was no train there ! ! END
she reached and reached around the dress , but there was nothing there . END
she looked up and saw that , without knowing it , mrs. coolidge was holding it UNK . END
mrs. coolidge looked down , saw UNK UNK expression and quickly let the whole thing fall to the floor . END
mama swirled the train in place , and not a step was lost . END
the UNK did not always live at the white house during the presidency . END
impressive as this UNK is , it barely hints at the diverse perceptions of jews , collectively or individually , that have been attested by their gentile environment . END
it is reasonable to affirm two UNK : jews have been perceived by UNK as all things to all men ; ; END
some jews have in fact been all things to all men . END
in the arena of power jews have at one time or another been somebody's ally ; ; END
they have observed correct UNK ; ; END
they have been someone's enemy . END
in the market place jews have in fact under various circumstances been valued customers and UNK , or UNK UNK and UNK competitors . END
and so on through the roles referred to in the previous paragraph . END
diversity of perception , yes ; ; END
diversity of fact , yes . END
but the two do not invariably or even typically coincide . END
the `` conventional '' image of a particular time and place is not necessarily UNK with the image of the facts as established over the years by scholarly and scientific research . END
conventional images of jews have this in common with all perceptions of a configuration in which one feature is held constant : images can be both true and false . END
the genuinely interesting question , then , becomes : what factors determine the degree of realism or distortion in conventional images of jews ? ? END
the working test of `` the facts '' must always be the best available description obtainable from scholars and scientists who have applied their methods of investigation to relevant situations . END
granted , such `` functional '' images are subject to human error ; ; END
they are UNK in the sense that they are subject to disciplined procedures that check and UNK against error . END
in accounting for realism or distortion two sets of factors can be UNK distinguished : current intelligence ; ; END
general grant may have been the victim of false information in the instance reported in this book ; ; END
if so , he would not be the first or last commanding officer who has succumbed to bad information and dubious estimates of the future . END
but general grant may have been UNK . END
he may have entered the situation with predispositions that prepared him to act UNK in the press of affairs . END
predispositions , in turn , fall conveniently into two categories for purposes of analysis . END
to some extent predispositions are shaped by exposure to group environments . END
in some measure they depend upon the structure of individual personality . END
the anti-semitism of hitler owed something to his exposure to the ideology of UNK politically successful christian socialist movement in vienna . END
but millions of human beings were exposed to UNK propaganda and record . END
after allowing for group UNK , it is apparent that other factors must be considered if we are to comprehend fanaticism . END
these are personality factors ; ; END
they include harmonies and conflicts within the whole man , and mechanisms whereby inner components are more or less smoothly met . END
modern psychiatric knowledge provides us with many keys to UNK the significance of behavior of the kind . END
the foregoing factors are pertinent to the analysis of perceptual images and the broad conditions under which they achieve realism or fall short of it . END
undoubtedly one merit of the vast panorama of gentile conceptions of the jew unfolded in the present anthology is that it provides a formidable body of material that invites critical examination in terms of reality . END
many selections are themselves convincing contributions to this appraisal . END
undoubtedly , however , the significance of the volume is greater than the foregoing paragraphs suggest . END
speaking as a UNK i believe that its primary contribution is in the realm of future policy . END
since we can neither UNK nor UNK the past , we are limited to the events of today and tomorrow . END
in this domain the simple fact of coexistence in the same local , national , and world community is enough to guarantee that we cannot refrain from having some effect , large or small , upon gentile-jewish relations . END
what shall these effects be ? ? END
i am deliberately raising the policy problems involved in gentile-jewish relations . END
comprehensive examination of any policy question calls for the performance of the intellectual tasks inseparable from any UNK method . END
the tasks are briefly indicated by these questions : what are my goals in gentile-jewish relations ? ? END
what are the historical trends in this country and abroad in the extent to which these goals are effectively realized ? ? END
what factors condition the degree of realization at various times and places ? ? END
what is the probable course of future developments ? ? END
what policies if adopted and applied in various circumstances will increase the likelihood that future events will coincide with desired events and do so at least cost in terms of all human values ? ? END
it is beyond the province of this UNK to cover policy questions of such depth and range . END
the discussion is therefore limited to a suggested procedure for realizing at least some of the potential importance of this volume for future policy . END
as a UNK for the proposal i give some attention to the first task UNK above , the clarification of goal . END
my reply is that i associate myself with all those who affirm that gentile-jewish relations should contribute to the theory and practice of human dignity . END
the basic goal finds partial expression in the universal declaration of human rights , a statement initiated and endorsed by individuals and organizations of many religious and philosophical traditions . END
within this frame of reference policies appropriate to claims advanced in the name of the jews depend upon which jewish identity is involved , as well as upon the nature of the claim , the characteristics of the claimant , the UNK proposed , and the predispositions of the community decision makers who are called upon to act . END
if jews are identified as a religious body in a controversy that comes before a national or international tribunal , it is obviously compatible with the goal of human dignity to protect freedom of worship . END
when decision makers act within this frame they determine whether a claim put forward in the name of religion is to be accepted by the larger community as appropriate to religion . END
since the recognition of israel as a nation state , claims are made in many cases which identify the claimant as a member of the new body politic . END
community decision makers must make up their minds whether a claim is acceptable to the larger community in terms of prevailing expectations regarding members of nation states . END
in free countries many controversies involve UNK jews who use the symbol in asserting a vaguely `` cultural '' rather than religious or political identity . END
the decision maker who acts for the community as a whole must decide whether the objectives pursued and the methods used are appropriate to public policy regarding cultural groups . END
we know that much is made of the multiplicity and ambiguity of the identities that cluster around the key symbol of the jew . END
many public and private controversies will undoubtedly continue to reflect these confusions in the mind and usage of gentile and jew . END
however , in the context of legal and civic policy , these controversies are less than novel . END
they involve similar uncertainties regarding the multiple identities of any number of UNK groups . END
so far as the existing body of formal principle and procedure is concerned , UNK novelties are not to be anticipated in UNK relationships ; ; END
claims are properly disposed of according to norms common to all parties . END
it is not implied that formal principles and procedures are so firmly entrenched within the public order of the world community or even of free UNK that they will control in all circumstances involving jews and UNK during coming years . END
social process is always anchored in past predisposition ; ; END
but it is UNK UNK in situations where UNK are dragged or lost . END
in UNK with the maximization principle we affirm that gentile-jewish relations will be harmonious or UNK to the degree that one relation or the other is expected by the active participants to yield the greatest net advantage , taking all value outcomes and effects into consideration . END
it is not difficult to anticipate circumstances in which negative tensions will UNK ; ; END
for instance , imagine the situation if israel ever UNK an enemy coalition . END
the formal position of americans who identify themselves with one or more of the several identities of the jewish symbol is already clear ; ; END
the future weight of informal factors cannot be so easily assessed . END
when we consider the disorganized state of the world community , and the legacy of predispositions UNK directed against all who are identified as jews , it is obvious that the struggle for the minds and muscles of men needs to be prosecuted with increasing vigor and skill . END
during moments of intense crisis the responsibility of political leaders is overwhelming . END
but their freedom of policy is limited by the pattern of predisposition with which they and the people around them enter the crisis . END
at such critical moments predispositions favorable to human dignity most obviously `` pay off '' . END
by the same test predispositions destructive of human personality exercise their most sinister impact , with the result that men of good will are often trapped and UNK . END
among measures in anticipation of crisis are plans to inject into the turmoil as assistants of key decision makers qualified persons who are UNK of the corrosive effect of crisis upon personal relationships and are also able to raise calm and realistic voices when UNK leaders near the limit of UNK . END
we are learning how to do these things in some of the vast organized structures of modern society ; ; END
the process can be accelerated . END
a UNK is that the time to prepare for the worst is when times are best . END
during UNK periods the educational facilities of the community have the possibility of UNK the UNK and altering the behavior of vast numbers of human beings of every age and condition . END
as more men and women are made capable of living up to the challenge of decency the chances are improved that the pattern of predisposition prevailing in positions of strength in future crises can be favorably affected . END
now an abiding difficulty of paragraphs like the foregoing is that they appear to preach ; ; END
and in contemporary society we often complain of too much UNK of the goodness of the good . END
in any case i do not intend to let the present occasion pass without dealing more directly with the problem of UNK good intentions . END
i assume that the number of readers of this anthology who regard themselves as morally perfect is small , and that most readers are willing to consider procedures by which they may gain more insight into themselves and better understanding of others . END
properly used , the present book is an excellent instrument of UNK . END
let us not confuse the issue by labeling the objective or the method `` psychoanalytic '' , for this is a well established term of art for the specific ideas and procedures initiated by UNK freud and his followers for the study and treatment of UNK personalities . END
the traditional method proceeds by the technique of free association , punctuated by interpretations proposed by the psychoanalytic UNK . END
what we have in mind does have something in common with the goals of psychoanalysis and with the methods by which they are sought . END
for what we propose , however , a UNK is not necessary , even though one aim is to enable the reader to get beneath his own defenses -- his defenses of himself to himself . END
for this purpose a degree of intellectual and emotional involvement is necessary ; ; END
but involvement needs to be accompanied by a special frame of mind . END
the relatively long and often colorful selections in this anthology enable the reader to become genuinely absorbed in what is said , whether he responds with anger or applause . END
but simple involvement is not enough ; ; END
UNK calls for an open , permissive , inquiring posture of UNK . END
the symposium provides an opportunity to confront the self with specific statements which were made at particular times by identifiable UNK who were addressing definite audiences -- and throughout several hundred pages everyone is talking about the same key symbol of identification . END
an advantage of being exposed to such specificity about an important and recurring feature of social reality is that it can be taken advantage of by the reader to examine UNK as well as overt UNK within himself , UNK triggered by explicit symbols UNK around the central figure of the jew . END
two facets of this aspect of the literary process have special significance for our time . END
one , a reservation on the point i have just made , is the phenomenon of UNK , UNK , and UNK , which fromm discussed in the escape from freedom . END
in essence this involves UNK one's thought and emotion in the values and experience of others , rather than in one's own values and experience . END
there is a risk that instead of teaching a person how to be himself , reading fiction and drama may teach him how to be somebody else . END
clearly what the person brings to the reading is important . END
moreover , if the critic UNK his audience in what to see in a work , he is contributing to this UNK ; ; END
if he UNK them in how to evaluate a work , he is helping them to achieve their own identity . END
the second timely part of this sketch of literature and the search for identity has to do with the difference between good and enduring literary works and the UNK mass culture products of today . END
in the range and variety of characters who , in their literary lives , get along all right with life styles one never imagined possible , there is an implicit lesson in differentiation . END
the reader , observing this process , might ask `` why not be different '' ? ? END
and find in the answer a license to be a variant of the human species . END
the observer of television or other products for a mass audience has only a permit to be , like the models he sees , even more like everybody else . END
and this , i think , holds for values as well as life styles . END
one would need to test this proposition carefully ; ; END
after all , the large ( and probably unreliable ) reader's UNK literature on the `` most UNK character i ever met '' deals with village UNK , country doctors , favorite if illiterate aunts , and so forth . END
scientists often turn out to be UNK , too . END
but still , the proposition is worth examination . END
it is possible that the study of literature affects the conscience , the morality , the sensitivity to some code of `` right '' and `` wrong '' . END
i do not know that this is true ; ; END
both UNK and UNK west deal with the development and nature of conscience , as do such theologians as UNK and UNK . END
it forms the core of many , perhaps most , problems of psychotherapy . END
i am not aware of great attention by any of these authors or by the UNK profession to the role of literary study in the development of conscience -- most of their attention is to a UNK period of life , or , for the theologians of course , to the influence of religion . END
still , it would be surprising if what one reads did not contribute to one's ideas of right and wrong ; ; END
certainly the awakened alarm over the comic books and the continuous concern over UNK literature indicate some peripheral aspects of this influence . END
probably the most important thing to focus on is not the development of conscience , which may well be almost beyond the reach of literature , but the contents of conscience , the code which is imparted to the developed or immature conscience available . END
this is in large part a code of behavior and a UNK of values : what is it that people do and should do and how one should regard it . END
in a small way this is illustrated by the nineteenth-century novelist who argued for the powerful influence of literature as a teacher of society and who illustrated this with the way a girl learned to meet her lover , how to behave , how to think about this new experience , how to exercise restraint . END
literature may be said to give people a sense of purpose , dedication , mission , significance . END
this , no doubt , is part of what UNK UNK implies when he says of the arts , `` they give form and meaning to life which might otherwise seem shapeless and without sense '' . END
men seem almost universally to want a sense of function , that is , a feeling that their existence makes a difference to someone , living or unborn , close and immediate or generalized . END
feeling useless seems generally to be an unpleasant sensation . END
a need so deeply planted , asking for direction , so to speak , is likely to be gratified by the vivid examples and heroic proportions of literature . END
the terms `` renewal '' and `` refreshed '' , which often come up in aesthetic discussion , seem partly to derive their import from the `` renewal '' of purpose and a `` refreshed '' sense of significance a person may receive from poetry , drama , and fiction . END
the notion of `` inspiration '' is somehow UNK to this feeling . END
how literature does this , or for whom , is certainly not clear , but the content , form , and language of the `` message '' , as well as the source , would all play differentiated parts in giving and molding a sense of purpose . END
one of the most salient features of literary value has been deemed to be its influence upon and organization of emotion . END
let us UNK a few of these ideas . END
the UNK notion of catharsis , the UNK of emotion , is a persistent and viable one . END
the idea here is one of discharge but this must stand in opposition to a second view , plato's notion of the UNK of emotion . END
a third idea is that artistic literature serves to reduce emotional conflicts , giving a sense of serenity and calm to individuals . END
this is given some expression in UNK notion of harmony and the resolution of indecision . END
a fourth view is the transformation of emotion , as in UNK fine phrase on the arts : they `` transform and UNK our inner nature '' . END
it is possible that the idea of UNK of emotion is a fifth idea . END
UNK UNK , in his discussion of the `` functions and future of poetry '' , suggests this : `` one of the things which makes our lives drab and empty and which leaves us , at the end of the day , UNK and UNK spiritually is the pressure of the taxing , practical , UNK concern of UNK objects . END
if art is to release us from these postulated things ( things we must think symbolically about ) and bring us back to the UNK beauty and richness of the aesthetic component of reality in its immediacy , it must UNK its connection with these common sense entities '' . END
i take the central meaning here to be the contrast between the drab empty quality of life without literature and a life UNK by it . END
UNK view of the aesthetic experience might constitute a sixth variety : for him it constitutes , in part , the organization of impulses . END
a sketch of the emotional value of the study of literature would have to take account of all of these . END
but there is one in particular which , it seems to me , deserves special attention . END
in the wide range of experiences common to our UNK race none is more difficult to manage , more troublesome , and more enduring in its effects than the control of love and hate . END
the study of literature contributes to this control in a curious way . END
william UNK and UNK brooks , it seems to me , have a penetrating insight into the way in which this control is effected : `` for if we say poetry is to talk of beauty and love ( and yet not aim at exciting erotic emotion or even an emotion of UNK esteem ) and if it is to talk of anger and murder ( and yet not aim at UNK anger and indignation ) -- then it may be that the poetic way of dealing with these emotions will not be any kind of intensification , UNK , or magnification , or any direct assault upon the affections at all . END
something indirect , mixed , UNK , UNK might well be the UNK , the UNK technique by which a poet indulged in all kinds of talk about love and anger and even in something like `` expressions '' of these emotions , without aiming at their UNK or even UNK anything that essentially involves their UNK '' . END
the rehearsal through literature of emotional life under controlled conditions may be a most valuable human experience . END
here i do not mean catharsis , the discharge of emotion . END
i mean something more like UNK concept of the utility of `` play '' to a small child : he plays `` house '' or `` doctor '' or `` UNK '' as a way of UNK slightly frightening experiences , UNK them UNK until they are under control . END
there is a second feature of the influences of literature , good literature , on emotional life which may have some special value for our time . END
in b. m. UNK portrayal of the UNK and UNK youth of london , a salient finding was the inability to postpone gratification , a need to satisfy impulses immediately without the pleasure of anticipation or of UNK the experience . END
perhaps it is only an analogy , but one of the most obvious differences between cheap fiction and fiction of an enduring quality is the development of a theme or story with leisure and anticipation . END
anyone who has watched children develop a taste for literature will understand what i mean . END
it is at least possible that the capacity to postpone gratification is developed as well as expressed in a continuous and guided exposure to great literature . END
in any inquiry into the way in which great literature affects the emotions , particularly with respect to the sense of harmony , or relief of tension , or sense of `` a transformed inner nature '' which may occur , a most careful exploration of the particular feature of the experience which produces the effect would be required . END
in the calm which follows the reading of a poem , for example , is the effect produced by the enforced quiet , by the musical quality of words and rhythm , by the sentiments or sense of the poem , by the associations with earlier readings , if it is familiar , by the boost to the self-esteem for the UNK , by the diversion of attention , by the sense of security in a UNK withdrawal , by a kind license for some variety of fantasy life regarded as forbidden , or by UNK ideas about the magical power of words ? ? END
these are , if the research is done with UNK and skill , UNK topics , but the research is missing . END
one of the most frequent views of the value of literature is the education of sensibility that it is thought to provide . END
sensibility is a vague word , covering an area of meaning rather than any precise talent , quality , or skill . END
among other things it means perception , discrimination , sensitivity to subtle differences . END
both the extent to which this is true and the limits of the field of perceptual skill involved should be acknowledged . END
its truth is illustrated by the skill , sensitivity , and general UNK of the english professor with whom one attends the theatre . END
the limits are suggested by an imaginary experiment : contrast the perceptual skill of english professors with that of their colleagues in discriminating among motor cars , political candidates , or female beauty . END
along these lines , the particular point that sensitivity in literature leads to sensitivity in human relations would require more proof than i have seen . END
in a symposium and general exploration of the field of personal perception and UNK behavior the discussion does not touch upon this aspect of the subject , with one possible exception ; ; END
UNK UNK shows the UNK stability of UNK based on sensation ( hot , sweet , bitter , etc. ) dealing with personal qualities of human beings and events . END
but to go from here to the belief that those more sensitive to metaphor and language will also be more sensitive to personal differences is too great an UNK leap . END
i would say , too , that the study of literature tends to give a person what i shall call depth . END
i use this term to mean three things : a search for the human significance of an event or state of affairs , a tendency to look at UNK rather than parts , and a tendency to respond to these events and UNK with feeling . END
it is the UNK of UNK , UNK , emotional UNK . END
i think these attributes cluster , but i have no evidence . END
in fact , i can only say this seems to me to follow from a wide , continuous , and properly guided exposure to literary art . END
the late r. g. UNK , a philosopher whose work has proved helpful to many students of literature , once wrote `` : : END
we are all , though many of us are UNK enough to wish to deny it , in far closer sympathy with the art of the UNK and UNK than with UNK and UNK , or even shakespeare and UNK . END
by an effort of historical sympathy we can cast our minds back into the art of a remote past or an alien present , and enjoy the UNK of UNK and japanese UNK ; ; END
but the possibility of this effort is bound up with that development of historical thought which is the greatest achievement of our civilization in the last two centuries , and it is utterly impossible to people in whom this development has not taken place . END
the natural and primary aesthetic attitude is to enjoy contemporary art , to despise and dislike the art of the recent past , and wholly to ignore everything else '' . END
one might argue that the ultimate purpose of literary scholarship is to correct this spontaneous UNK that is likely to obscure the horizons of the general public , of the newspaper critic , and of the creative artist himself . END
there results a study of literature freed from the tyranny of the contemporary . END
such study may take many forms . END
the study of ideas in literature is one of these . END
of course , it goes without saying that no student of ideas can justifiably ignore the contemporary scene . END
he will frequently return to it . END
the UNK , contrasts , and UNK discernible when past and present are surveyed together are UNK and the one is often understood through the other . END
when we assert the value of such study , we find ourselves committed to an important assumption . END
most students of literature , whether they call themselves scholars or critics , are ready to argue that it is possible to understand literary works as well as to enjoy them . END
many will add that we may find our enjoyment heightened by our understanding . END
this understanding , of course , may in its turn take many forms and some of these -- especially those most interesting to the student of comparative literature -- are essentially historical . END
but the historian of literature need not UNK his attention to biography or to UNK questions of form , `` texture '' , or technique . END
he may also consider ideas . END
it is true that this distinction between style and idea often approaches the arbitrary since in the end we must admit that style and content frequently influence or UNK one another and sometimes appear as expressions of the same insight . END
but , in general , we may argue that the student can direct the primary emphasis of his attention toward one or the other . END
at this point a working definition of idea is in order , although our first definition will have to be qualified somewhat as we proceed . END
the term idea refers to our more reflective or thoughtful consciousness as opposed to the UNK of UNK or emotional experience . END
it is through such reflection that literature approaches philosophy . END
an idea , let us say , may be roughly defined as a theme or topic with which our reflection may be concerned . END
in this essay , we are , along with most historians , interested in the more general or more inclusive ideas , that are so to speak `` writ large '' in history of literature where they UNK continually . END
outstanding among these is the idea of human nature itself , including the many definitions that have been advanced over the centuries ; ; END
also secondary notions such as the UNK of man , the UNK of man , and the dignity of man . END
one might , indeed , argue that the history of ideas , in so far as it includes the UNK , must center on UNK of human nature and that the great periods of literary achievement may be distinguished from one another by reference to the images of human nature that they succeed in UNK . END
we need not , to be sure , expect to find such ideas in every piece of literature . END
an idea , of the sort that we have in mind , although of necessity readily available to imagination , is more general in connotation than most poetic or literary images , especially those appearing in lyric poems that seek to capture a moment of personal experience . END
thus UNK `` my love is like a red , red rose '' and UNK `` the UNK UNK , UNK purple of thunder '' although clearly intelligible in content , hardly present ideas of the sort with which we are here concerned . END
on the other hand , UNK `` the UNK , salt , UNK sea '' , taken in its context , certainly does so . END
understanding a work of art involves recognition of the ideas that it reflects or UNK . END
thus the student of literature may sometimes find it helpful to classify a poem or an essay as being in idea or in ideal content or subject matter typical or UNK of its period . END
again , he may discover embodied within its texture a theme or idea that has been presented elsewhere and at other times in various ways . END
our understanding will very probably require both these UNK . END
very likely it will also include a recognition that the work we are reading reflects or `` belongs to '' some way of thought UNK as a `` school '' or an `` UNK '' , i.e. a complex or `` UNK '' of ideas occurring together with sufficient prominence to warrant identification . END
thus ideas like `` grace '' , `` salvation '' , and `` providence '' cluster together in traditional christianity . END
usually the work studied offers us a special or even an individualized rendering or treatment of the ideas in question , so that the student finds it necessary to distinguish carefully between the several expressions of an `` UNK '' or mode of thought . END
accordingly we may speak of the platonism peculiar to shelley's poems or the type of stoicism present in UNK `` UNK '' , and we may find that describing such platonism or such stoicism and contrasting each with other expressions of the same attitude or mode of thought is a difficult and challenging enterprise . END
after all , shelley is no `` orthodox '' or hellenic UNK , and even his `` romantic '' platonism can be distinguished from that of his contemporaries . END
again , UNK attitude of defiance which colors his ideal of UNK is far from characteristic of a UNK thinker like marcus UNK , whose gentle acquiescence is almost christian , comparable to the patience expressed in milton's UNK on his own blindness . END
in recent years , we have come increasingly to recognize that ideas have a history and that not the least important chapters of this history have to do with UNK or conceptual aspects of literature and the arts , although these aspects should be studied in conjunction with the history of philosophy , of religion , and of the sciences . END
when these fields are surveyed together , important patterns of relationship emerge indicating a vast community of reciprocal influence , a continuity of thought and expression including many traditions , primarily literary , religious , and philosophical , but frequently including contact with the fine arts and even , to some extent , with science . END
here we may observe that at least one modern philosophy of history is built on the assumption that ideas are the primary objectives of the UNK research . END
let us quote once more from r. g. UNK : `` history is properly concerned with the actions of human beings regarded from the outside , an action is an event or series of events occurring in the physical world ; ; END
regarded from the inside , it is the carrying into action of a certain thought the UNK business is to penetrate to the inside of the actions with which he is dealing and reconstruct or rather UNK the thoughts which constituted them . END
it is a characteristic of thoughts that in UNK them we come , UNK facto , to understand why they were thought '' . END
such an understanding , although it must seek to be sympathetic , is not a matter of intuition . END
`` history has this in common with every other science : that the historian is not allowed to claim any single piece of knowledge , except where he can justify his claim by exhibiting to himself in the first place , and secondly to any one else who is both able and willing to follow his demonstration , the grounds upon which it is based . END
this is what was meant , above , by describing history as UNK . END
the knowledge in virtue of which a man is an historian is a knowledge of what the evidence at his disposal proves about certain events '' . END
it is obvious that the historian who seeks to UNK the ideas that have motivated human behavior throughout a given period will find the art and literature of that age one of his central and major concerns , by no means a mere supplement or adjunct of significant historical research . END
the student of ideas and their place in history will always be concerned with the patterns of transition , which are at the same time patterns of transformation , whereby ideas pass from one area of activity to another . END
let us survey for a moment the development of modern thought -- turning our attention from the reformation toward the revolutionary and romantic movements that follow and dwelling finally on more recent decades . END
we may thus trace the notion of individual autonomy from its manifestation in religious practice and theological reflection through practical politics and political theory into literature and the arts . END
finally we may note that the idea appears in educational theory where its influence is at present widespread . END
no one will deny that such broad developments and transitions are of great intrinsic interest and the study of ideas in literature would be UNK incomplete without frequent reference to them . END
still , we must remember that we cannot construct and justify generalizations of this sort unless we are ready to consider many special instances of influence moving between such areas as theology , philosophy , political thought , and literature . END
the actual moments of contact are vitally important . END
these moments are historical events in the lives of individual authors with which the student of comparative literature must be frequently concerned . END
perhaps the most powerful and most frequently recurring literary influence on the western world has been that of the old and new testament . END
certainly one of the most important comments that can be made upon the spiritual and cultural life of any period of western civilization during the past sixteen or seventeen centuries has to do with the way in which its leaders have read and interpreted the bible . END
this reading and the comments that it evoked constitute the influence . END
a contrast of the scripture reading of , let us say , st. augustine , john UNK , and thomas jefferson , all three of whom found in such study a real source of UNK , can tell us a great deal about these three men and the age that each represented and helped bring to conscious expression . END
in much the same way , we recognize the importance of shakespeare's UNK with UNK and UNK , of shelley's study of plato's UNK , and of UNK enthusiastic UNK of the writings of many philosophers and theologians from plato to UNK and william godwin , through which so many abstract ideas were brought to the attention of english men of letters . END
we may also recognize cases in which the poets have influenced the philosophers and even indirectly the scientists . END
english philosopher samuel UNK debt to UNK and meredith is a recent interesting example , as also a. n. UNK understanding of the english romantics , chiefly shelley and UNK . END
UNK profound admiration for the insights of the greek UNK indicates a broad channel of classical influence upon nineteenth-century philosophy . END
again the student of evolutionary biology will find a fascinating , if to our minds grotesque , anticipation of the theory of chance variations and the natural elimination of the UNK in UNK , who in turn seems to have borrowed the concept from the philosopher UNK . END
here an important UNK is in order . END
we must avoid the notion , suggested to some people by examples such as those just mentioned , that ideas are `` units '' in some way comparable to coins or counters that can be passed intact from one group of people to another or even , for that matter , from one individual to another . END
`` suppose you take mr. hearst's morning american at $10,000 a year '' , UNK proposed . END
`` you could come down to the office once a day , look over a few exchanges , UNK an editorial , and then have the remainder of your time for your more serious literary UNK . END
if within one year you can make a success out of the american , you can practically name your own salary thereafter . END
of course , if you don't make the american a success , hearst will have no further use for you '' . END
the UNK watson decided that he would dislike living in new york , and the deal fell through . END
hearst's luck was even UNK when he had a chat with franklin k. lane , a prominent california journalist and reform politician , whom he asked for his support . END
lane was still burning because he had narrowly missed election as governor of california in UNK and laid his defeat to the antagonism of hearst's san francisco examiner . END
hearst UNK blame for this , but the conversation , according to lane , ended on a tart note . END
`` mr. lane '' , hearst said , `` if you ever wish anything that i can do , all you will have to do will be to send me a telegram asking , and it will be done '' . END
`` mr. hearst '' , lane replied as he left , `` if you ever get a telegram from me asking you to do anything , you can put the telegram down as a UNK '' . END
hearst took a brief UNK to hurry home to new york to become a father . END
on april 10 , UNK , his first child was born , a son named george after the late senator . END
hearst saw his wife and child , sent a UNK message to his mother in california , and soon returned to washington , where on april 22 , for the first time , he opened his mouth in congress . END
this was not before the house but before the UNK committee , where he asked for action on one of his pet bills , that calling for an investigation of the UNK monopoly . END
attorney UNK had worked on this for two years and had succeeded in getting a report supporting his stand from the united states attorney for the southern district of new york . END
hearst had spent more than UNK of his own money in the probe , but still attorney general knox was UNK . END
six of the railroads carrying coal to UNK from the pennsylvania fields , hearst said , not only had illegal agreements with coal operators but owned outright at least eleven mines . END
they had watered their stock at immense profit , then had raised the price of coal fifty cents a ton , UNK themselves another UNK in annual profit . END
`` the attorney general has been brooding over that evidence like an old hen on a UNK for eighteen months '' , hearst said . END
`` he has not acted in any way , and won't let anyone take it away from him . END
what i want is to have this evidence come before congress and if the attorney general does not report it , as i am very sure he won't , as he has refused to do anything of the kind , i then wish that a committee of seven representatives be appointed with power to take the evidence . END
the congressman tried hard , but failed . END
this was the very sort of legislation that roosevelt himself had in mind . END
there can be little doubt that there was a conspiracy in washington , overt or implied , to block anything hearst wanted , even if it was something good . END
hatred tied his hands in congress . END
roosevelt and others considered him partly responsible for the murder of mckinley . END
they were repelled by his noisy newspapers , his personal publicity , his presumptuous campaign for the presidential nomination , and by the swelling cloud of rumor about his moral lapses . END
he might get votes from his constituents , but he would never get a helping hand in congress . END
he was the house UNK . END
even the regular democrats UNK him . END
UNK incapable of cooperating with others , he ran his own show regardless of how many UNK democratic toes he stepped on . END
he was a political UNK , a UNK with his own program , determined to UNK it through or to UNK the UNK of those who UNK him . END
he showed little interest in measures put forward by the regular democrats . END
he sought to run congress as he ran his new york american or journal , a scheme veteran legislators resisted . END
for a freshman congressman to read political lessons to UNK democrats was poor policy for one who needed to make friends . END
he soon quarreled with all the party leaders in the house , and came to be regarded with UNK by regular democrats as a professional radical leading a small pack of UNK UNK whose constant snapping was UNK to party discipline . END
to UNK democrats , the hearst presidential boom , now in full cry , was the joke of the new century . END
yet no leader had come to the fore who seemed likely to give the UNK t. r. a UNK of a race . END
there was talk of dragging old UNK cleveland out of retirement for another try . END
some preferred judge UNK b. parker of new york . END
there was a host of dark horses . END
the UNK at hearst changed to concern when it was seen that he had strong support in many parts of the country . END
UNK of hearst agents were traveling from state to state in a surprisingly successful search for delegates at the coming convention , and there were charges that money was doing a large part of the persuading . END
just when it was needed for the campaign , hearst paper no. 8 , the boston american , began publication . END
a bay state UNK said , `` mr. hearst's fight has been helped along greatly by the starting of his paper in boston '' . END
his candidacy affected his journalism somewhat . END
he ordered his editors to tone down on UNK and to refrain from using such words as `` UNK '' , `` rape '' , `` abortion '' , `` criminal assault '' and `` born out of UNK '' . END
in a story headed , `` hearst offers cash '' , the republican new york tribune spread the money rumor , UNK an unnamed `` hearst UNK '' as saying : END
`` the argument that is cutting most ice is that hearst is the only candidate who is fighting the trusts UNK and who would use all the powers of government to disrupt them if he were elected . END
the hearst men say that if hearst is nominated , he and his immediate friends will contribute to the democratic national committee the sum of UNK . END
this , it is urged , would relieve the national committee from the necessity of appealing to the trust UNK . END
the alternative to this is that if a conservative candidate is nominated the national committee will have to appeal to the trusts for their campaign funds , and in doing this will incur obligations which would make a democratic victory absolutely fruitless . END
the average democratic politician , especially in the country districts , is hungry for the UNK of office . END
it has been a long time since he has seen any campaign money , and when the proposition is laid down to him as the friends of mr. hearst are laying it down these days he is quite likely to get aboard the hearst UNK '' . END
if anything , the conservative democrats were more opposed to hearst than the republicans . END
in his own state of new york , the two democratic UNK , state leader hill and tammany boss murphy , were saying nothing openly against hearst but UNK UNK their own favorites , murphy being for cleveland and hill for parker . END
they had lost twice with the radical bryan , and were having no part of hearst , whom they considered more radical than bryan . END
but his increasing strength in the west looked menacing . END
it caused henry UNK to sound a blast in his louisville UNK : END
`` does any sane democrat believe that mr. hearst , a person unknown even to his UNK and his colleagues , without a word or act in the public life of his country , past or present , that can be shown to be his to commend him , could by any possibility be elected president of the united states ? ? END
but there is a hearst barrel . END
more UNK was senator edward UNK of tennessee , a parker man . END
`` the nomination of hearst would compass the ruin of the party '' , UNK said . END
`` it would be a UNK , and , as i have already said to the people of tennessee , if hearst is nominated , we may as well pen a dispatch , and send it back from the field of battle : ' all is lost , including our honor ' '' . END
a lone UNK voice from new york city was that of william UNK , who had been expelled as a tammany leader but still claimed strong influence in his own district . END
`` i understand UNK hearst UNK is a candidate for presidential honors '' , UNK said without cracking a smile . END
`` there's nothing like UNK from the bottom up . END
if he's going to the st. louis convention as a delegate we ought to know it . END
he's got a lot of friends , and he ought to come along and let us know if he wants our help '' . END
hearst won the iowa state convention , but ran into a bitter battle in indiana before losing to parker , drawing an angry statement from UNK john w. kern : END
`` we are UNK for the first time in the history of the republic by the open and UNK effort of a UNK to purchase the presidential nomination . END
our state has been overrun with a gang of paid agents and UNK . END
as for the paid UNK from other states , we are here to UNK the indiana democracy in their duty , i have nothing but contempt . END
the hearst dollar mark is all over them . END
the talk of a hearst `` barrel '' was increasing . END
another indiana observer later commented , `` perhaps we shall never know how much was spent ( by hearst ) , but if as much money was expended elsewhere as in indiana a liberal fortune was UNK '' . END
in his fight for the illinois and indiana UNK , hearst made several trips to chicago to UNK with andrew lawrence , the former san francisco examiner man who was now his chicago UNK , and once to meet with bryan . END
on one visit he stopped at the office of the american , where he was known UNK as `` the great white chief '' , and for the first time met his managing editor , fat moses UNK . END
UNK never did learn what hearst wanted , for the latter shook hands and moved toward the door . END
`` never mind , thank you '' , he said . END
`` i must hurry to catch my train '' . END
another editor pointed despairingly at a bundle of letters that had accumulated for him , saying , `` but mr. hearst , what shall i do with this correspondence '' ? ? END
`` i'll show you '' , hearst replied , grinning . END
he took the stack of mail and tossed it into the waste basket . END
every letter answers itself in a couple of weeks '' . END
the hearst `` barrel '' END
hearst hopped into a private railroad car with max UNK and made an arduous personal UNK for delegates in the western and southern states , always wearing a UNK coat , listening intently to local politicians , and generally making a good impression . END
he laughed at a story that he planned to bolt the party if he was not nominated . END
`` i should , of course '' , he said , `` like any other man , be honored and gratified should the democrats see fit to UNK me . END
but i do not have to be UNK by office to be a democrat . END
i have supported the democratic party in the last five campaigns . END
i supported cleveland three times and bryan twice . END
i intend to support the UNK of the party at st. louis , whoever he may be '' . END
the hearst press followed the UNK progress at the various state conventions with its usual admiring attention , stressing the `` enthusiasm '' and `` loyalty '' he inspired . END
this was historic in its way , for it marked the first time an american presidential UNK had advertised his own virtues in his own string of newspapers UNK the land . END
yet his editors did not abandon their sense of story value . END
when UNK patterson , a stunning and UNK chorus girl who had appeared in a UNK road show , rode down broadway in a UNK cab with her married lover , frank young , she stopped the cab to disclose that young had been shot dead , UNK insisting that he had shot himself although experts said he could not have done so . END
trevelyan's liberalism was above all a liberalism of the spirit , a deep feeling of communion with men fighting for country and for liberty . END
his passion and enthusiasm convey the courage and high adventure of garibaldi's exploits and give the reader a unique sense of participation in the events described . END
the three volumes brought to the fore a characteristic of trevelyan's prose which remained conspicuous through his later works -- a genius for describing military action with clarity and with authority . END
the confused UNK of guerrilla warfare , such as most of garibaldi's campaigns were , was brought to life by trevelyan's pen in some of the best passages in the books . END
his personal familiarity with the scenes of action undoubtedly contributed much to the final result , but familiarity alone would not have been enough without other qualities . END
military knowledge , love of detail , and a sure feeling for the portrayal of action were the added ingredients . END
but the garibaldi volumes were more than a romantic story . END
trevelyan contributed considerable new knowledge of the issues connected with his subject . END
the outstanding example was in garibaldi and the thousand , where he made use of UNK papers of lord john russell and english UNK materials to reveal the motives which led the british government to permit garibaldi to cross the UNK of UNK . END
in looking back over the volumes , it is possible to find errors of interpretation , some of which were not so evident at the time of writing . END
thus trevelyan repeats the story which pictured victor UNK as refusing to abandon the famous UNK at the insistence of general UNK . END
later research has shown this part of the legend of the UNK UNK to be false . END
trevelyan accepts italian nationalism with little analysis , he is unduly critical of papal and french policy , and he is more than generous in assessing british policy . END
but fifty years later the trilogy still maintains a firm place in the list of standard works on the unification of italy , a position cautiously prophesied by the UNK at the time of publication . END
trevelyan's UNK and the venetian revolution of UNK , his last major volume on an italian theme , was written in a minor key . END
published in 1923 , it did not gain the popular acclaim of the garibaldi volumes , probably because trevelyan felt less at home with UNK , the UNK lawyer , than with garibaldi , the UNK . END
the complexities of venetian politics UNK him , but the story of the revolution itself is told in restrained measures , with no UNK passages and only an occasional UNK of the part played by its leading figure . END
if it is not one of his best books , it can only be considered unsatisfactory when compared with his own garibaldi . END
already trevelyan had begun to parallel his nineteenth-century italian studies with several works on english figures of the same period . END
first the life of john bright appeared and seven years later lord grey of the reform bill . END
of the two , the life of bright is UNK the better biography . END
trevelyan centers too exclusively on bright , is UNK UNK of the views of UNK opponents and critics , and makes light of the genuine difficulties faced by UNK . END
yet he is right when he claims in his autobiography that he drew the real features of the man , his tender and UNK motives and his rugged fearless strength . END
in the story of bright and the corn law agitation , the UNK war , the american civil war , and the franchise struggle trevelyan reflects something of the moral power which enabled this independent man to exercise so immense an influence over his fellow countrymen for so long . END
because UNK speeches were so much a part of him , there are long and numerous quotations , which , far from making the biography diffuse , help to give us the feel of the man . END
associated in a sense with the manchester school through his mother's family , trevelyan conveys in this biography something of its moral conviction and drive . END
nineteenth-century virtues , however , seem somehow to have gone out of fashion and the bright book has never been particularly popular . END
the biography of lord grey is strictly speaking not a biography at all . END
it is a whig history of the `` tory reaction '' which preceded the reform bill of 1832 , and it uses the figure of grey to give some unity to the narrative . END
the volume is a piece of passionate special pleading , written with the heat -- and often with the wisdom , it must be said -- of a liberal UNK the UNK of politicians from UNK to 1832 . END
characteristically , trevelyan enjoyed writing the work . END
the theme of glorious summer coming after a long winter of discontent and repression was , he has told us , congenial to his artistic sense . END
and UNK UNK background was close to trevelyan's own . END
but his concentration on personalities and his UNK assessment of their actions fail to convey the political complexities of a long generation harassed by world-wide war and confronted with the problem of adjustment to an unprecedented industrial and social transformation . END
some historians have found his point of view not to their taste , others have complained that he makes the tory tradition appear `` UNK rather than intelligible '' , while a sympathetic critic has remarked that the `` intricate interplay of social dynamics and political activity of which , at times , politicians are the ignorant UNK is not a field for the exercise of his talents '' . END
the UNK heritage which informs all of trevelyan's interpretations of history here seems clearly to have distorted the issues and oversimplified the period . END
for once his touch deserted him . END
research in the period of grey and bright led naturally to a more ambitious work . END
britain in the nineteenth century is a textbook designed `` to give the sense of continuous growth , to show how economic led to social , and social to political change , how the political events reacted on the economic and social , and how new thoughts and new ideals accompanied or directed the whole complicated process '' . END
the plan is admirably fulfilled for the period up to 1832 . END
more UNK than in the study of grey and despite his liberal bias , trevelyan vividly sketches the england of UNK revolution days , portrays the stresses and strains of the revolutionary period in rich colors , and brings developments leading to the reform bill into sharp and clear focus . END
his technique is genuinely UNK . END
by what one reader called a `` series of UNK views '' , he UNK one period into another and gives a sense of continuous growth . END
but after 1832 , the narrative tends to lose its balanced , UNK quality and to become a UNK of topics , often UNK by any single thread . END
economic analysis was never trevelyan's strong point and the england of the industrial transformation cries out for economic analysis . END
yet after 1832 , the interrelations of economic and social and political affairs become blurred and the narrative becomes largely a conventional political account . END
finally , the period after UNK receives little attention and that quite superficial . END
yet britain in the nineteenth century became the UNK UNK of beginning students of history , went through edition after edition , and continues to be UNK up to the very present . END
its success is a tribute , above all , to trevelyan's brilliance as a literary UNK . END
in 1924 trevelyan traveled to the united states , where he delivered the lowell lectures at harvard university . END
these lectures formed the nucleus of a general survey of english development which took form afterward as a history of england . END
in short order , the general history became his most popular work and has remained , aside from his later social history , the work most widely favored by the public . END
the history of england has often been compared with UNK short history . END
like green , trevelyan aimed to write a history not of `` english kings or english UNK '' , but of the english people . END
the result was fortunate . END
the history takes too much for granted to serve as a text for other than english UNK , and like britain in the nineteenth century it UNK badly as it goes beyond UNK . END
trevelyan's UNK into contemporary history were rarely happy ones . END
but as a stimulating , provocative interpretation of the broad sweep of english development it is incomparable . END
living pictures of the early UNK , country life in tudor and stuart times , the impact of the industrial revolution compete with sensitive surveys of language and literature , the common law , parliamentary development . END
the strength of the history is also its weakness . END
trevelyan is UNK sure of the superiority of english institutions and character over those of other peoples . END
his nationalism was not a new characteristic , but its self-consciousness , even its self-satisfaction , is more obvious in a book that stretches over the long reach of english history . END
and yet the elements which capture his liberal and UNK imagination are those which make the english story worth telling and worth remembering . END
tolerance and compromise , social justice and civil liberty , are today too often in short supply for one to be overly critical of trevelyan's emphasis on their central place in the english tradition . END
like most major works of synthesis , the history of england is informed by the positive views of a first-class mind , and this is surely a major work . END
four years after the publication of the history of england , the first volume of trevelyan's queen anne trilogy appeared . END
by now he had become UNK professor of modern history at cambridge and had been honored by the award of the order of merit . END
his academic duties had little evident effect on his UNK pen . END
blenheim was followed in rapid succession by UNK and the union with scotland and by the peace and the protestant succession , the three forming together a detailed picture of england under queen anne . END
like his volume on UNK , the work was accompanied by the publication of a selected group of documents , in this case illustrative of the history of queen anne's reign down to UNK . END
trevelyan was at least in part attracted to the period by an almost unconscious desire to take up the story where UNK history of england had broken off . END
in addition , he believed in the `` dramatic unity and UNK of the period from UNK , lying between the stuart and hanoverian UNK with a special ethos of its own '' . END
he saw the age as one in which britain `` settled her free constitution '' and attained her modern place in the world . END
to most observers , there is little doubt that he placed an artificial strait jacket of unity upon the years of anne's reign which in reality existed only in the pages of his history . END
of the three volumes , blenheim is easily the best . END
in four opening chapters reminiscent of UNK famous third chapter , trevelyan surveys the state of england at the opening of the eighteenth century . END
his delightful picture of society and institutions is filled with warm detail that brings the period vividly to life . END
he tends to underestimate -- or perhaps to view UNK -- the brutality and the violence of the age , so that there is an idyllic quality in these pages which UNK over some of its sharp reality . END
yet as an UNK of time past , there are few such successful portraits in english historical literature . END
once the scene is set , trevelyan UNK builds up the tense story until it reaches its climax in the dramatic victory of UNK and eugene of savoy at blenheim . END
the account of the battle is , next to his descriptions of garibaldi's campaigns , trevelyan's outstanding military narrative . END
the scene is UNK in sharp detail , the military problems brilliantly explained , and the excitement and importance of the battle made evident . END
if only for this modest masterpiece of military history , blenheim is likely to be read and reread long after newer interpretations have perhaps altered our picture of the UNK wars . END
UNK and the union with scotland has fewer high spots than blenheim and much less of its dramatic unity . END
yet in several chapters on scotland in the eighteenth century , trevelyan UNK UNK with the tangled confusion of scottish politics against a vivid background of scottish religion , customs , and traditions . END
i stood on a table , surrounded by hundreds of UNK young faces . END
questions came to me from all sides about my world UNK activities . END
after making a short statement about human rights , and the freedom to travel , i told them i would be going to the kehl bridge the next morning in order to cross the rhine into germany . END
`` may we come with you '' ? ? END
called out a dozen young voices . END
`` well , i might not get that far '' , i told them , `` as actually i have no papers to enter germany and , as a matter of fact , no permit to return to france once i leave '' . END
that was all they needed . END
they would champion me . END
we would all meet at ten o'clock at the kehl bridge , five miles from strasbourg , and march triumphantly across into germany . END
there was only one hitch : the small town of kehl , on the other side of the rhine , was still under french jurisdiction . END
the real UNK frontier was beyond the town's limits . END
in fact , all persons were permitted to cross the rhine into kehl , there being no sentry posted on the west side of the river . END
that evening , as i learned later , the students , enjoying that spontaneous UNK in action known only to university students , surged out onto the streets of strasbourg , UNK empty UNK , marking up store fronts , and shouting UNK , `` garry davis to power '' ! ! END
as i got off the trolley at kehl bridge the next morning , i was met by what looked like 5,000 students , some of whom were carrying sticks apparently for the coming `` battle '' with the police . END
alarmed by this display of weapons , i looked toward the bridge and there saw , stretched across the near side , a UNK of policemen , their UNK forming a UNK before which stood several french officers in uniform and a small UNK man in a brown derby . END
`` listen please '' , i called to the students in french . END
`` i thank you most heartily for being here . END
this is full evidence of your support for my principles . END
these principles , however , will not be served by violence in any form . END
if they are right , they will prevail of and by themselves . END
i ask you all to support me in this . END
if one finger is raised against the authorities , all our moral power will vanish . END
your UNK in this respect will be the only witness to your understanding of what i am saying . END
i have full confidence in you . END
now , let's go '' . END
i marched up to the waiting officials , the students UNK behind me . END
as usual , the press photographers were on hand . END
the UNK man stopped me three paces from the bicycle UNK , and asked me in french if i had papers to leave france . END
i replied in the affirmative , taking out my recently acquired UNK UNK et de voyage , on which was stamped a permission to leave france . END
he examined it carefully , handed it back and said , `` eh UNK , you may leave france '' . END
i took one step eastward . END
one of the uniformed officers stepped in my way , demanding to know whether i had permission to enter germany . END
`` no , i have no permission to enter germany '' , i told him . END
`` UNK , you may go no farther '' , he said UNK . END
`` is this then the frontier '' ? ? END
at this , the students let out a yell , knowing full well the actual frontier was beyond the town of kehl . END
`` but i have no permission to re-enter france , and i have just left '' , i told him . END
`` i must then be standing on the line between france and germany '' . END
the UNK man stepped forward . END
but there is no line between france and germany , that is , no actual line . END
`` no line '' ? ? END
`` but if there is no line , how can there be two countries ? ? END
you have just given me permission to leave france , which i did . END
and as you know , i have no permission to re-enter france once out . END
now i learn i cannot enter germany . END
obviously i'm stuck on the line between the two countries '' . END
the students were laughing UNK at this piece of logic , and even the policemen were trying hard not to smile . END
`` UNK non '' , the interior ministry man UNK , `` you may come back to strasbourg , now , if you wish '' . END
then will you give me a visa to re-enter france '' ? ? END
but there is no question of a visa . END
you are still in france '' . END
`` ah , then please tell me where the frontier is because this gentleman here '' -- i indicated the french occupation officer -- `` informs me that germany is just on the other side of him '' . END
the interior man looked uneasily at his french UNK . END
from the crowd were coming cries of `` he's right '' ! ! END
`` there must be a line '' ! ! END
and `` UNK , garry , continue '' ! ! END
seeing their hesitation , i said , `` well , until i have permission to enter germany , or a visa to re-enter france , i shall be obliged to remain here on the line between two countries '' , whereupon i moved to the side of the road , parked my UNK against the small UNK on the sidewalk , sat down , took out my typewriter , and began typing the above conversation . END
the reporters were questioning the interior man and the french officer , both of whom remained UNK as to what action , if any , would be taken in my regard . END
finally they went off to file their stories , after the photographers had taken pictures of my latest UNK . END
the students crowded around asking questions , slapping me on the back , and generally being friendly . END
`` but what will you do this evening , mr. davis '' ? ? END
asked a young UNK frenchman . END
`` it will be very cold '' . END
`` i don't know '' , i told him , `` except that i will be here '' . END
`` i shall see about getting you a tent '' , he said . END
`` i have a small sports shop in strasbourg '' . END
that would be a great help , i told him , UNK him for his UNK . END
a special guard was posted at my end of the bridge to make sure i didn't cross , the UNK of the situation being revealed fully in that everyone else -- men , women , and children , dogs , cats , horses , cars , trucks , baby carriages -- could cross kehl bridge into kehl without surveillance . END
the day passed UNK enough , with a constant stream of visitors , some stopping only to say hello , others getting into serious conversations , such as one UNK fuchs , a UNK journalist from strasbourg who wrote an article for the UNK UNK in highly sympathetic terms . END
some students from the university returned around six with a large pot containing enough hot soup to last me a week . END
a volunteer food UNK had been arranged , they told me , which would supply me with the necessities as long as i remained at the bridge . END
a little later , the sports shop man returned with a small UNK tent . END
one of the girl students , sitting by while i ate the thick soup , asked me if i had a sleeping bag . END
when i informed her that i didn't , she said she would borrow her brother's and bring it to me later that evening . END
`` you do not know me '' , she said in good english , `` but my mother was your UNK in philadelphia when you were a child '' . END
her name was esther peter . END
i was delighted to make that personal contact in such trying and unusual circumstances . END
the peter family proved wonderful and helpful friends in the following days , mrs. peter , little esther , and UNK , who generously lent me his sleeping bag for my `` watch on the rhine '' . END
UNK a line from the bridge to a small field directly to the side , i pitched the tent that evening on the UNK `` line '' , digging a small UNK around it as best i could with a toy spade donated by a neighborhood child . END
the wind from the rhine was damp and chill , UNK a fire for warmth . END
after scouring around a bit in the open area , i came across what proved to be UNK logs which UNK and burned brightly , giving off vast rolls of smoke into the UNK sky . END
each evening the students appeared with the soup UNK and several UNK pains , esther usually being among them . END
i had advised friends to write me to `` no man's land , pont kehl , between strasbourg and kehl , UNK '' . END
sure enough , mail began UNK in , delivered by a talkative , highly amused french UNK who informed me there had been quite a debate at the post office as to whether that address would be recognized . END
on christmas eve , students brought out two small christmas trees which i placed on either side of the tent . END
as the field on which my tent was pitched was a favorite natural playground for the kids of the neighborhood , i had made many friends among them , taking part in their UNK games and trying desperately to translate UNK fairy tales into an understandable french as we gathered around the fire in front of the tent . END
to my great surprise and delight , when they saw the two trees they went rushing off , returning shortly with decorations from their own trees . END
it was a merry if somewhat UNK christmas for me that year . END
in the mail were invitations to speak at the universities of cologne , UNK , and UNK . END
twenty thousand world citizens at UNK had signed a petition inviting me to visit their town . END
when dr. adenauer was approached by a world citizen delegation to find out his disposition of my case , he gave them his personal approval of my entry , saying that all men advocating peace should be welcomed into germany . END
the special guard , however , was still posted on kehl bridge . END
as it began raining at around eight o'clock on december UNK , i retired into my tent early , somewhat tired and discouraged , my body reacting UNK because of the continued exposure . END
no matter how large the fire , i couldn't seem to shake off the chill that day . END
`` oh , mr. davis , are you there '' ? ? END
a voice drifted in to me above the UNK of the rain shortly after i had fallen into a UNK sleep . END
`` who is it '' ? ? END
`` we're from the council of europe , british delegation . END
may we have a word with you '' ? ? END
i've had a trying day and i just can't make it out again '' , i told them . END
i heard nothing more . END
later i learned that sir hugh dalton had expressed a desire to see me , hence their trip to `` no man's land '' . END
on the evening of december UNK , esther noticed my UNK look and UNK voice . END
she UNK me to see a doctor , and when i refused , brought one out to see me . END
he advised immediate hospitalization . END
i wouldn't hear of it because it meant giving up the `` line '' , though i realized i was in poor shape physically . END
esther , UNK my hesitation , assured me that the hospital expense would be taken care of by a leading merchant in strasbourg whom she had already approached . END
`` no , it's not that '' , i told her . END
`` you see , once i relinquish the position i've already established here , i couldn't UNK it without UNK the logic of it '' . END
at that moment , up walked a tall young man with glasses who announced himself as a world citizen from UNK , switzerland . END
without UNK , esther asked him , `` if you are a world citizen , will you take garry UNK place in his tent while he goes to the hospital '' ? ? END
`` but of course , with pleasure '' , he replied . END
esther looked at me . END
i looked from her to him . END
`` what is your name '' ? ? END
`` jean UNK '' . END
`` shake '' , i said . END
`` you have just enlisted for the ' rhine campaign ' '' . END
esther jumped up , ran to him and gave him a little UNK . END
`` i am so happy . END
now come , garry , we must go quickly . END
there is a police car outside . END
maybe they will take us '' . END
such were the UNK of the situation that the very police assigned to check up on me were drafted into driving me to the strasbourg hospital while world citizen jean UNK waved UNK from the `` line '' ! ! END
he remembered every detail of his UNK movements but nothing of the final , desperate rush to come to grips with the enemy . END
when the victory cheer went up this officer found himself still mounted , with his horse pressed UNK against UNK log UNK in a tangled group of UNK . END
his hat was gone , the tears were streaming from his eyes . END
he never knew how he got there . END
six climactic minutes in an individual's life left no memory . END
eight hundred and sixty-five rebels surrendered within their works and a thousand more were captured or surrendered themselves that night and the next day . END
eight field guns were captured in position . END
seven battle flags and fourteen officers' swords were sent to thomas' headquarters . END
it was the only sizable assault upon infantry and artillery behind UNK successfully made by either side during the atlanta campaign . END
the UNK regiment of ohio volunteers lost one-third of its numbers within a few minutes , among them being several men whose time of service had expired but who had volunteered to advance with their regiment . END
the UNK regiment of ohio volunteers , one of the UNK in thomas' first division during UNK command , suffered its greatest loss of the war in this action . END
a popular belief grew up after the war that the only time during the civil war that thomas ever put his horse to a gallop was when he went to hurry up stanley for this assault . END
sherman was responsible for the story when he said in his memoirs that this was the only time he could recall seeing thomas ride so fast . END
while thomas' injured back led him to restrain his mount from its most violent gait he moved quickly enough when he had to . END
it is not in the record , but he must have UNK his horse at UNK tree creek when he brought up UNK guns to save UNK UNK line . END
while the final combat of the campaign was being worked out at UNK , thomas , on sherman's instructions , ordered UNK , now commanding the twentieth corps , to make an effort to occupy atlanta if he could do so without exposing his UNK to a UNK . END
the dispatch must have been sent after sundown on september 1 . END
UNK made his UNK the next morning , found the town empty , accepted the surrender of the mayor and occupied the city a little before noon . END
on the morning of september 2 the fourth corps and the armies of the tennessee and the ohio followed the line of UNK retreat . END
about noon they came up with the enemy two miles from UNK station and UNK . END
the fourth corps assaulted and carried a small portion of the enemy works but could not hold possession of the gain for want of cooperation from the balance of the line . END
that night a note written in UNK hand and dated from inside the captured city came to sherman stating that the twentieth corps was in possession of atlanta . END
before making the news public sherman sent an officer with the note to thomas . END
in a short time the officer returned and thomas followed on his heels . END
the cautious thomas UNK the note and then , making up his mind that it was genuine , snapped his fingers , whistled and almost danced in his UNK . END
the next day sherman issued his orders ending the campaign and pulled his armies back to atlanta . END
the measure of combat efficiency in an UNK campaign is a matter of personal choice . END
sherman laid great store by place UNK . END
hood refused to notice anything except captured guns and colors . END
by both standards thomas had the right to be proud . END
thomas thanked his men for their tenacity of purpose , UNK endurance , cheerful obedience , brilliant UNK and high qualities in battle . END
sherman felt that his own part in the campaign was skillful and well executed but that the slowness of a part of his army robbed him of the larger fruits of victory . END
he supposed the military world would approve of his accomplishment . END
whatever the military world thought , the political world approved it UNK . END
for some time , UNK in some northern quarters had been displayed in two ways -- an UNK for peace and a dissatisfaction with lincoln . END
proposals were in the air for a year's armistice . END
lincoln was sure that he would not be UNK . END
in the midst of this gloom , at UNK p.m. on september 2 , UNK telegram to stanton , `` general sherman has taken atlanta '' , shattered the talk of a negotiated peace and UNK lincoln into the white house . END
to the republicans no victory could have been more complete . END
official congratulations showered upon sherman and his army . END
lincoln mentioned their distinguished ability , courage and UNK . END
he felt that this campaign would be famous in the annals of war . END
grant called it prompt , skillful and brilliant . END
UNK described it as the most brilliant of the war . END
actually the atlanta campaign was a military failure . END
next best to destroying an army is to UNK it of its freedom of action . END
sherman had accomplished this much of his job and then UNK UNK it by his UNK retreat from UNK to atlanta . END
but , so far as its territorial objectives were concerned , the campaign was successful . END
within the narrow frame of military tactics , too , the experts agree that the campaign was brilliant . END
in seventeen weeks the military front was driven southward more than 100 miles . END
there was a battle on an average of once every three weeks . END
the UNK was almost constant . END
in the summary of the principal events of the campaign compiled from the official records there are only ten days which show no fighting . END
the UNK in the army of the UNK were UNK , while for all three armies they were UNK . END
men were killed in their camps , at their meals and in their sleep . END
rifle fire often kept the opposing UNK from UNK their pieces . END
modern warfare was born in this campaign -- UNK , UNK , booby traps , land mines , extended order , UNK raids , UNK , UNK cars , night attacks , flares , UNK in trees , interlaced vines and UNK , which were the UNK of barbed wire , trip wires to UNK a cavalry charge , which UNK the mine trap , and the general use of UNK . END
the use of map coordinates was begun when the senior officers began to select tactical points by UNK a spot as `` near the letter o in the word mountain '' . END
a few weeks later the maps were being divided into squares and a position was described as being `` about lots UNK , UNK and UNK with UNK forward as far as UNK '' . END
this system was dependent upon identical maps and thomas supplied them from a mobile UNK press . END
orders of the day began to specify the standard map for the movement . END
sherman proved that a railway base could be movable and the most brilliant feature of the atlanta campaign was the rapid repair of the tracks . END
to the rebels it seemed as if sherman carried UNK and bridges in his pockets . END
the whistle of sherman's UNK often drowned out the rattle of the skirmish fire . END
as always , the ranks worked out new and better tactics , but there was brilliance in the way the field commands adopted these methods and in the way the army commanders incorporated them into their military thinking . END
the UNK , UNK , UNK thinking of the legendary military brain was not evident in sherman's armies . END
sherman could never be accused of sticking too long with the old . END
one of sherman's most serious shortcomings , however , was his mistrust of his cavalry . END
he never saw that it was a complement to his infantry and not a substitute for it . END
then , in some way , this lack of faith in the cavalry became mixed up in his mind with the dragging effect of wagon trains and was hardened into a prejudice . END
a horse needed twenty pounds of food a day but the UNK got along with two pounds . END
the UNK required eleven times more than the UNK . END
so sherman tried a compromise . END
he would ship by rail five pounds per day per animal and the other fifteen pounds that were needed could be picked up off the country . END
it failed to work . END
already UNK by the UNK starvation , the quality of sherman's UNK ran downhill as the campaign progressed . END
every recorded request by thomas for a delay in a UNK movement or an advance was to gain time to take care of his horses . END
well led , properly organized cavalry , in its complementary role to infantry , had four functions . END
first , it could locate the enemy infantry , learn what they were doing , and hold them until the heavy foot columns could come up and take over . END
second , it could screen its own infantry from the sight of the enemy . END
third , it could threaten at all times , and destroy when possible , the enemy communications . END
it could reach key tactical points faster than infantry and destroy them or hold them as the case might be for the foot soldier . END
its climactic role was to pursue and UNK a defeated enemy but this chance never came in the atlanta campaign . END
thomas tried hard to have his cavalry ready for the test it was to meet , but his plans were wrecked when it was forced into a campaign without optimum mobility and with its commander stripped from it . END
sherman knew the uses of cavalry as well as thomas but he imagined a moving base with infantry wings instead of cavalry wings . END
his conception proved workable but slower and it enabled his enemy to make clean , UNK , well organized UNK with small UNK losses . END
sherman insisted that cavalry could not successfully break up hostile UNK , yet UNK UNK raid and UNK UNK raid cut two-thirds of the rail lines he had to break and sherman lived in mortal fear of what UNK might do to his communications . END
when UNK pushed blindly through snake creek gap in a potentially decisive movement , the only cavalry in his van was the ninth illinois mounted infantry , totally inadequate for its role . END
it stumbled on infantry where no infantry should have been and UNK aggressive impulse faded out , overwhelmed by fears of the unknown . END
a proper cavalry command in his front would have developed the fact that he had run into one division of UNK army of the mississippi moving up from the direction of mobile to join johnston at dalton . END
from the night of august 30 to the morning of september 2 there was no union cavalry east of the macon railway to disclose to sherman that he was missing the greatest opportunity of his career . END
a great part of the time , thomas' infantry never knew the location of the enemy line . END
at such times thomas wondered when and where a UNK would strike him . END
it was the hard way to fight a war but thomas did it without making any disastrous mistakes . END
heat during the atlanta campaign , coupled with UNK clothing , caused individual irritation that was compounded by a lack of opportunity to bathe and shift into clean clothing . END
to relieve the itch and sweat UNK , the men got into the water whenever they could and since each sizable stream was generally the dividing line between the armies the UNK declared a private truce while the men went swimming . END
johnston believed that sherman put his naked engineers into the swimming parties to locate the various UNK . END
lieutenant colonel james p. UNK , who commanded the first UNK of thomas' first cavalry division , was ordered across one of these UNK . END
the water was deep and UNK took his troopers across naked -- except for guns , cartridge boxes and hats . END
they kicked their horses through the deep water with their bare heels , drove the rebels out of their rifle pits and captured four men . END
most of the rebels got away since they could make better time through the stiff brush than their naked UNK . END
rank was becoming an explosive issue in all three of sherman's armies . END
merited recommendations from army commanders were passed over in favor of political appointees from civil life . END
in one of the very few letters in which he ever complained of meynell , thompson told UNK of his distress at having had to leave london before this new friendship had developed further : `` END
that was a very absurd and annoying situation in which i was placed by w. UNK curious methods of handling me . END
he never let me know that my visit was about to terminate until the actual morning i was to leave for UNK . END
the result was that i found myself in the ridiculous position of having made a formal engagement by letter for the next week , only two days before my departure from london . END
UNK both women knew my position and if anyone suffered in their opinion it was not i '' . END
it need hardly be remarked that thompson was not generally known for his UNK about keeping his social engagements , which makes his irritation in this letter all the more significant . END
when thompson and her daughter began a correspondence which included fervent verses from UNK , mrs. king felt a proper victorian alarm . END
some , she knew , looked upon thompson almost as a saint , but others read in `` the hound of heaven '' what they took to be the UNK of a great sinner , who , like oscar UNK , had -- as one pious writer later put it -- thrown himself `` on the swelling wave of every passion '' . END
consequently , on october 31 , 1896 , mrs. king wrote to thompson , quite against her daughter's wishes , asking him not to `` UNK a correspondence which i believe has been dropped for some weeks '' . END
katherine was staying at a convent , and her mother felt that , as thompson himself seems to have suggested , she might eventually stay there . END
this prospect did not please mrs. king any more than did the possibility that her daughter might marry a UNK , but she used it to suggest to thompson that , `` it is not in her nature to love you '' . END
for his part , thompson had explained in a previous letter that there would be nothing but an honorable friendship between katie and himself . END
at no time does he seem to have proposed marriage , and mrs. king was evidently torn between a concern for her daughter's emotions and the desire to believe that the friendship might be continued without harm to her reputation . END
in any case , she told thompson that she saw no reason why he might not see katie again , `` now that this frank explanation has been made & no one can UNK '' . END
she ended her letter with the assurance that she considered his friendship for her daughter and herself to be an honor , from which she could not part `` without still more pain '' . END
after thompson came to london to live , he received a letter from katie , which was dated february 8 , UNK . END
she regretted what she described as the `` UNK & unnecessary '' check to their friendship and said that she felt that they understood one another perfectly . END
this letter concluded with an invitation : `` END
i am a great deal at the little children's hospital . END
mr. meynell knows the way . END
i know you are very busy now , you are writing a great deal & your book is coming out , isn't it ? ? END
but if you are able & care to come , you know how glad i shall be . END
katherine douglas king '' the invitation was accepted and other letters followed , in which she spoke of her concern for his health and her delight in seeing him so much at home among the crippled children she served . END
it is difficult to say what thompson expected would come of their relationship , which had begun so soon after his emotions had been stirred by maggie UNK , but when katie wrote on april 11 , 1900 , to tell him that she was to be married to the rev. UNK burr , the vicar of UNK in UNK , the news evidently helped to UNK his UNK over the failure of his hopes for a new volume of verse . END
in a letter to meynell , which was written in june , less than a month before UNK wedding , he was highly melodramatic in his despair and once again announced his intention of returning to the life of the streets : `` END
a week in arrears , and without means to pay , i must go , it is the only right thing . END
perhaps mrs. meynell would do me the UNK kindness to keep my own copy of the first edition of my first book , with all its UNK of her and the dear ones . END
last , not least , there are some poems which k. king sent me ( addressed to herself ) when i was preparing a fresh volume , asking me to include them . END
the terrible blow of the new year put an end to that project . END
i wish you would return them to her . END
i have not the heart . END
i never had the courage to look at them , when my projected volume became hopeless , fearing they were poor , until now when i was obliged to do so . END
o my genius , young and UNK , you would swear , -- when i wrote them ; ; END
what has it all come to ? ? END
all chance of UNK my destiny is over . END
i want you to be grandfather to these UNK poems , dear UNK , now i am gone ; ; END
and launch them on the world when their time comes . END
for them a box will be UNK enough . END
katie cannot mind your seeing them now ; ; END
since my silence must have ended when i gave the UNK volume to you . END
i ask you to do me the last UNK of reading them by 8 UNK evening , about which time i shall come to say my sad good-bye . END
if you don't think much of them , tell me the wholesome truth . END
if otherwise , you will give me a pleasure . END
it is strange ; ; END
but this -- yes , terrible step i am about to take is lightened with an UNK joy by the UNK hope that here , in these poems , is treasure -- or at least some measure of beauty , which i did not know of '' . END
thompson , of course , was persuaded not to take the `` terrible step '' ; ; END
meynell once again paid his debts and it was katie , rather than thompson , whose life was soon ended , for she died in UNK in april , 1901 , in the first year of her marriage . END
the `` UNK poems '' mentioned in the letter to meynell comprised a group of five UNK , which were published in the 1913 edition of thompson's works under the heading `` ad UNK '' , plus certain other completed pieces and rough UNK gathered together in one of the familiar exercise books . END
the publication of father UNK the man has wings has made more of the group available in print so that a general picture of what it contained can now be had without difficulty . END
some of the poems express a mood of joy in a newly discovered love ; ; END
others suggest its coming loss or describe the poet's feelings when he learns of a final separation . END
the somewhat UNK love story which these poems suggest cannot obscure the fact that undoubtedly they have more than a little of UNK sincerity . END
when they were first written , there was evidently no thought of their being published , and those which refer to the UNK love for mrs. meynell particularly have the ring of truth . END
in `` my UNK young virgin date '' , for example , thompson wrote : `` UNK , she that had my UNK young virgin date not now , alas , that noble singular she , i UNK hold , though marred from her once state , than others in their best integrity . END
my own stern hand has rent the ancient bond , and thereof shall the ending not have end : but not for me , that loved her , to be fond lightly to please me with a newer friend then hold it more than UNK song , that i affirm to thee , with heart of pride , i knew not what did to a friend belong till i stood up , true friend , by thy true side ; ; END
whose absence UNK comfort is , by far , than UNK of other women are '' ! ! END
taking into account thompson's capacity for UNK and the possibility of a wish to identify his own life with the UNK of other poets who had known unhappy loves , there can be no doubt about his genuine emotion for katie king . END
that she was affected by his UNK seems obvious , but since she was evidently a sensible young woman -- as well as an outgoing and sympathetic type -- it would seem that for her the word friendship had a far less intense emotional significance than that which thompson gave it . END
from the outset , she must have realized that marriage with him was out of the question , and although she was displeased by the `` UNK '' interference , it seems probable that she did agree with her mother's suggestion that the poet was `` perhaps '' a man `` most fitted to live & die solitary , & in the love only of the highest lover '' . END
the poems which were addressed to her , while they are far more restrained than those of `` love in UNK lap '' , show no great technical advance over those of the `` narrow vessel '' group and are , if anything , somewhat more labored . END
their interest remains chiefly biographical , for they throw some light on the utter despair which UNK thompson in the spring and early summer of 1900 . END
whether or not UNK is correct in suggesting that thompson's resumption of the opium habit also dates from this period is , of course , a matter of UNK . END
UNK simply states , without offering any supporting evidence , that `` after he returned to london , he resumed his UNK of UNK , and continued this right up to his death '' . END
there is every reason to recognize that in the very last years of his life , as we shall see , thompson did take the drug in carefully UNK doses to ease the pains of his illness , but the exact date at which this began has never been determined . END
if , as UNK says , `` nearly all his poetry was produced when he was not taking opium '' , there may be some reason to doubt that he was under its influence in the period from 1896 to 1900 when he was writing the poems to katie king and making plans for another book of verse . END
in any event , the critical productivity of that time is abundant proof that if he was taking UNK , it was never in command of him to the extent that it had been during his UNK years . END
UNK remedy for thompson's UNK mood was typically practical . END
he simply found more work for him to do , and the articles and reviews continued without an evident break . END
as a UNK , thompson generally displayed a UNK attitude . END
that he read some of the books assigned to him with a studied UNK is evident from his notes , which are often so full that they provide an UNK basis for the identification of reviews that were printed without his signature . END
on the basis of this careful reading , thompson frequently gave a clear , complete , and interesting description of a prose work or chose effective quotations to illustrate his discussions of poetry . END
he was seldom an UNK critic , and his reviews generally followed a systematic pattern : a description of what the work contained , a treatment of the things that had especially interested him in it , and , wherever possible , a balancing of whatever artistic merits and faults he might have found . END
it was , of course , in this drawing of the balance sheet of judgment that he most clearly displayed his desire to do full justice to an author . END
reviewing UNK the testament of an empire builder , for example , thompson found that there was `` too much UNK dialectic '' . END
poetry , he said , must be `` dogmatic '' : it must not stoop to argue like a `` UNK in UNK '' . END
yet UNK impressed him as a poet capable of `` sustained power , passion , or beauty '' , and he cited specific passages to illustrate not only these qualities but UNK command of imagery as well . END
similarly , he wrote that UNK UNK had a `` too deliberate manner '' as well as a lack of `` inevitable felicity in diction '' . END
but he admired UNK `` subtle UNK '' and delighted in the UNK by which divine love becomes the most `` fatal '' UNK in `` love the UNK '' . END
of course , there were books about which nothing good could be said . END
understanding , as he did , the difficulty of the art of poetry , and believing that the `` only technical criticism worth having in poetry is that of poets '' , he felt obliged to insist upon his duty to be hard to please when it came to the review of a book of verse . END
as he had done on his first imperial UNK a year and a half before , lewis UNK southeast through red russia to UNK . END
thence he pushed farther south than he had ever been before into UNK and UNK UNK or the UNK . END
there , along the east bank of the southern bug , opposite the hamlet of UNK a few miles north of the black sea , he arrived at general headquarters of the russian army . END
by june 19 , UNK , he had presented himself to its commander in chief , the governor of the southern provinces , the director of the war college -- the prince . END
UNK first war against the grand turk had ended in UNK with a peace treaty quite favorable to her . END
by UNK her UNK had managed to UNK the UNK amid scenes of UNK cruelty and now , in this second combat with the UNK , were aiming at UNK over all of the black UNK northern shoreline . END
through most of UNK operations on both sides had been UNK ; ; END
those of UNK were going to prove decisive , though many of their details are obscure . END
to UNK what her navy had won , the UNK was fortunate that , for the first time in russian history , her land forces enjoyed absolute unity of command under her favorite UNK . END
potemkin was directing this conflict on three fronts : in the UNK ; ; END
along the UNK and among the UNK , in alliance with the emperor UNK armies ; ; END
and in the misty UNK and shallow coastal waters of UNK UNK and UNK , including the UNK peninsula . END
here the war would flame to its focus , and here lewis littlepage had come . END
UNK army of UNK , totaling , it was claimed , 40,000 regular troops and 6,000 UNK of the UNK corps , had invested UNK principal stronghold on the north shore of the black sea , the fortress town of UNK , and was preparing to test the turk by land and sea . END
during a sojourn of slightly more than three months UNK littlepage could see action on both elements . END
as his second in command the prince had marshal UNK , UNK ambassador to poland . END
UNK , who had a rather narrow face , UNK nose , high forehead , and UNK brows , looked like a UNK UNK . END
some people thought he lacked both ability and character , but most agreed that he was noble in appearance and , for a russian , humane . END
the marshal came to know littlepage quite well . END
at general headquarters the newcomer in turn got to know others . END
there was the UNK , UNK , a capable UNK whose father had been a UNK but who had UNK his way up the ladder of UNK and UNK favor till he was now a brigadier ( and would one day be the UNK designated to do in UNK paul 1 , , after traveling all the way to UNK to procure just the right UNK ) . END
then there were the distinguished foreign volunteers . END
representing the emperor were the prince de UNK , still as UNK as a youth of twenty ; ; END
and general the count UNK , founder of the austrian branch of that celebrated italian house , a courtier littlepage could have met at UNK in december , UNK . END
from UNK came the young UNK de UNK , an officer in the service of UNK . END
out of UNK rode the prince of UNK , one of the UNK cousins and a lieutenant general in her armies , a frank , sensitive , popular soldier whose UNK littlepage would `` always recall with the UNK gratitude '' . END
though catherine was UNK at the number of french officers streaming to the turkish standard , there were several under her own , such as the prince de nassau ; ; END
the energetic UNK , roger de UNK , three year's UNK junior , to whom nassau had taken a liking ; ; END
and the UNK , colonel UNK , whom the count de UNK had persuaded to lend his technical skills to nassau . END
england contributed a young UNK named newton and the naval architect samuel UNK , brother to the economist , who for his UNK commission was proving a UNK to the russian fleet . END
from america were the UNK littlepage and jones . END
lewis had expected to report at once to UNK and UNK naval command post . END
on arrival at headquarters he had , however -- in king UNK words to UNK -- `` found such favor with UNK potemkin that he made him his UNK and up to now does not want him to go join paul jones . END
'' so of course he stayed put . END
having done so , he began to experience all the frustrations of others who attempted to get along with UNK and do a job at the same time . END
the UNK perceptions were quick and his energy monstrous , but these qualities were UNK by an oriental lethargy and a policy of letting nothing interfere with personal passions . END
at headquarters -- sufficiently far from the firing line to make you forget occasionally that you were in a war -- lewis found that the commander in UNK only desk was his knees ( and his only comb , his fingers ) . END
an entire theater had been set up for his diversion , with a UNK italian orchestra under the well-known UNK . END
in the great one's personal quarters , a portable house , almost every evening saw an elegant banquet or reception . END
lewis could let his eye UNK the UNK divan , covered with a UNK and silver turkish cloth , or admire the lovely UNK , interwoven with gold , that spread across the floor . END
UNK perfume boxes UNK the UNK of UNK . END
around the UNK tables were always at least a couple of dozen UNK generals . END
at dinner the courses were carried in by tall UNK in red capes and black fur caps topped with UNK of feathers , marching in pairs like guards from a stage tragedy . END
among the visitors arriving every now and then there were , of course , women . END
for if UNK made the sign of the cross with his right hand , and meant it , with his left he beckoned UNK to any lady who happened to catch his eye . END
usually lewis would find at headquarters one or more of the UNK various UNK . END
right now he found UNK de UNK , that magnificent young UNK he had spotted at UNK four years ago . END
the prince took her with him on every tour around the area , and it was UNK he was utilizing her knowledge of UNK as part of his espionage network . END
one evening he passed around the banquet table a crystal cup full of diamonds , requesting every female guest to select one as a UNK . END
when a lady UNK to soil a pair of evening slippers , brigadier UNK was dispatched to paris for UNK . END
but if the prince UNK women and was fascinated by foreigners , he could be UNK UNK to his subordinates . END
he had UNK one of his generals in public . END
his coat trimmed in UNK , diamond stars of the orders of saints andrew or george UNK , he was often prone to sit UNK , eye UNK , in a UNK trance . END
when this happened , everything stopped . END
as littlepage noted : `` a complete picture of prince potemkin may be had in his UNK operations . END
he stays inactive for half the summer in front of UNK , a quite second-rate spot , begins to UNK it formally only during the autumn rains , and finally carries it by assault in the heart of winter . END
there's a man who never goes by the ordinary road but still arrives at his goal , who UNK gets himself into difficulty in order to get out of it with UNK , in a word a man who creates UNK for himself in order to appear a UNK in destroying them '' . END
to help him do so the prince had conferred control of his land forces on a soldier who was different from him in almost every respect save one : both were UNK of the UNK ray serene . END
alexander UNK suvorov , now in his UNK year ( ten years UNK senior ) , was a thin , UNK person of less than medium height who looked like a professor of UNK . END
he had a small mouth with deep UNK on either side , a large flat nose , and penetrating blue eyes . END
his gray hair was thin , his face beginning to attract a UNK of wrinkles . END
but UNK face was also a theater of UNK , and his tough , stooping little frame was UNK embodied . END
like all russians he was an emotional man , and in him the emotions UNK . END
kind by nature , he never refused charity to a UNK or help to anyone who asked him for it ( as lewis would one day discover ) . END
but he was UNK engaged in a battle to command his own temper . END
when littlepage was introduced , if the general behaved as usual , the newcomer faced a staccato UNK of UNK : origin ? ? END
woe UNK the UNK if he answered vaguely . END
UNK contempt for UNK was proverbial ; ; END
better to give an UNK answer than none at all . END
UNK UNK of any sort for a soldier , he slept on a pile of hay with his UNK as blanket . END
he rose at UNK a.m. the year round and was apt to stride through camp UNK like a UNK to wake his men . END
his breakfast was tea ; ; END
his dinner fell anywhere from nine to noon ; ; END
his supper was nothing . END
he hadn't worn a watch or carried pocket money for years because he disliked both , but highest among his hates were looking glasses : he had snatched one from an officer's grasp and smashed it to UNK . END
he kept several pet birds and liked cats well enough that if one crept by , he would UNK at it in friendly fashion . END
passing dogs were greeted with a cordial bark . END
yet general suvorov -- who had never forgotten hearing his UNK UNK declare that all truly great men had UNK -- was mad only north , northwest . END
he had come to learn that a reputation for UNK allowed mere field officers a certain UNK at court ; ; END
in camp he knew it won you the affection of your men . END
he had accordingly cultivated eccentricity to the point of second nature . END
underneath , he remained one of the UNK russians of his day . END
he UNK in verse , could get along well among most of the european languages , and was fluent in french and german . END
he had also mastered the UNK tongue . END
for those little men with the short UNK , UNK polls , and top UNK suvorov reserved a special esteem . END
potemkin -- as king UNK knew , and presently informed littlepage -- looked on the cossacks as UNK tools . END
to UNK such tribes as the cossacks of the don or those UNK the UNK cossacks ( in whose islands along the lower UNK the polish novelist UNK would one day place with fire and sword ) were just elements for enforced UNK in , say , UNK , where , as `` the faithful of the black sea borders '' , he could use their presence as bargaining points in the UNK territorial claims against turkey . END
suvorov saw in these UNK UNK not demographic units but military men of a high potential . END
he knew how to channel their exuberant UNK so as to transform them from mere UNK into UNK guerrilla fighters . END
he always kept a few on his personal staff . END
he often UNK their tribal costumes , such as the one featuring a tall , black UNK hat from the top of which UNK a little red bag UNK by a chain of UNK lace and UNK ; ; END
broad red stripes down the UNK leg ; ; END
broader leather belt round the waist , holding cartridges and light UNK . END
suvorov played parent not just to his cossacks but to all his troops . END
it was probably at this period that littlepage got his first good look at the ordinary russian soldier . END
these illiterate UNK UNK from villages all across the UNK empire had , suvorov may have told lewis , just two things a commander could count on : physical fitness and personal courage . END
when their UNK came UNK into camp , they were all elbows , hair , and beard . END
they emerged as UNK UNK in a faulty but formidable machine : shaved nearly naked , hair UNK , UNK , UNK , and best of all -- in the opinion of the british professional , major UNK -- `` their minds are not UNK from the paths of obedience by those UNK of knowledge which only serve to lead to UNK and UNK '' . END
mando , pleading her cause , must have said that dr. brown was the most distinguished physician in the united states of america , for our man poured out his symptoms and drew a madly waving line indicating the irregularity of his pulse . END
`` he's got high blood pressure , too , and bum kidneys '' , the doctor said to me . END
`` transparent look , UNK skin -- could well be UNK '' . END
he looked UNK at an ash tray piled high with cigarette UNK , shook his head , and moved his hand back and forth in a strong negative gesture . END
the little official hung his head in shame . END
seeing this , his colleague at the next desk gave a short , contemptuous laugh , pushed forward his own ash tray , innocent of a single butt , UNK his chest to show his excellent condition , and looked proud . END
the doctor gravely nodded approval . END
at this moment mando came hurrying up to announce that the problem was solved and all norton had to do was to sign a UNK of papers . END
we went out of the office and down the hall to a window where documents and more officials awaited us , the rest of the office personnel hot upon our heels . END
by this time word had got around that an american doctor was on the premises . END
one fellow who had liver spots held out his hands to the great UNK . END
it was funny but it was also touching . END
`` you know '' , norton said to me later , `` i am thinking of setting up the UNK UNK . END
i might not make any money but i'd sure have patients '' . END
after luncheon we took advantage of the UNK period to try to get in touch with a few people to whom our dear friend UNK had written . END
UNK is UNK UNK , a long-time member of the vogue staff who , although born in boston , was born there of greek parents . END
several years of her life have been spent in the homeland , and she had written to friends to alert them of our coming . END
`` all you have to do , UNK dear , is to phone on your arrival . END
they are longing to see you '' . END
the wear and tear of life have taught me that very few friends of mutual friends long to see foreign strangers , but i planned on being the soul of tact , of giving them plenty of UNK was there the UNK implication that their cups were already running over without us . END
my diplomacy was needless . END
greek phone service is worse than french , so that it was to be some little time before contact of any sort was established . END
in the late afternoon mando came back to fetch us , and we drove to the acropolis . END
we stopped first at the UNK that lies at the foot of the height crowned by the parthenon . END
the curving benches are broken , chipped , tumbled , but still in place , as are the marble chairs , the seats of honor for the legislators . END
the carved statues of the frieze against the low wall are for the most part UNK , but their UNK graceful nude and draped UNK and the kneeling UNK are well preserved in their perfect proportion . END
having completed our camera work , we started our climb . END
i suppose the same emotion holds , if to a lesser degree , with any famous monument . END
will it live up to its reputation ? ? END
the weight of fame and history is formidable , and dreary steel UNK in UNK do little to UNK interest and imagination . END
uh huh , we think , looking at them , so that's the parthenon . END
and then perhaps one day we get to athens . END
we are here ! ! END
we've come a long way and spent a lot of money . END
it had better be good . END
don't worry about the acropolis . END
probably every visitor has a favorite time for his first sight of it . END
we saw it frequently afterward , but our suggestion for the very first encounter is near sunset . END
the light at that time is a UNK . END
the serene , majestic columns of the parthenon , tawny in color against the pure deep blue sky , frame incredible UNK . END
all we wanted to do was to stand very quietly and look and look and look . END
more than twenty-four hundred years old , bruised , battered , worn and partially destroyed , combining to an astounding degree solidity and grace , it still stands , incomparable testimony to man's UNK . END
in UNK the turks , who had been in control of the city since the fifteenth century , with a truly shattering lack of prudence used the parthenon as a powder magazine . END
it was hit by a shell fired by the UNK venetian army and the great central portion of the temple was blown to UNK . END
nearby is the temple of UNK . END
the architectural feature , the UNK upholding the UNK , famous around the world as the porch of the UNK , was referred to UNK by mando as the UNK place . END
another beautiful building is the UNK , the entrance gate of the acropolis . END
my other UNK of art and architectural knowledge -- besides remembering that it was UNK who designed the doors of the UNK in florence -- is the three styles of greek columns . END
for some happy reason doric , ionic , and corinthian have always stuck in my mind . END
furthermore i can identify each design . END
it remained , however , for mando to teach me that doric symbolized strength , ionic wisdom , and corinthian beauty , the three pillars of the ancient world . END
the columns of the parthenon are UNK doric . END
another classic sight that gave us considerable pleasure was the UNK sentry , in his ballet skirt with great UNK on his shoes , who was UNK up and down in front of the palace . END
gun on shoulder , he would march smartly for a few yards , bring his heels together with a UNK , make a brisk pirouette , skirts UNK , and march back to his point of departure . END
we did not dare speak to so exalted a being , but norton aimed his camera and shot him , so to speak , on the rise , the split second between the halt and the turn . END
the evening of our first day we drove with christopher and judy UNK , who were friends and patients of norton , to UNK at a restaurant on the shores of the aegean . END
on the way out mr. UNK UNK up a special hill from which one may obtain a UNK view of the acropolis lighted by night . END
the great spectacle was a source of UNK , and son et UNK , which the french were trying to promote with the athenians , was the reason . END
these performances were being staged at historical monuments throughout europe . END
by a combination of music , lighting effects , and UNK , famous events that have UNK in these locations are evoked and UNK for large audiences usually to considerable acclaim . END
the acropolis had been scheduled for the treatment too , but apparently it was to take place at the time of the full moon when the athenians themselves , out of respect for the natural beauty of the occasion , were UNK to UNK their own usual UNK illumination . END
UNK society was split into two factions , the UNK and the artists . END
the artists contended that the UNK , gross of soul , were all for having son et UNK , since the french were UNK the bill and the attraction , wherever it had been done , had proven popular . END
this was the UNK kind of materialism and they , the artists , would have no truck with it . END
the acropolis was unique in the world and if that UNK work flooded by moonlight wasn't enough for both natives and tourists , then they were quite simply barbarians and the hell with them . END
it was very stimulating . END
the restaurant to which the UNK took us on this night of controversy was the UNK , on UNK beach . END
this is a public bathing beach , easily accessible by UNK from the center of athens . END
office workers frequently go out there to lunch and swim during the UNK period , which , during the summer , UNK from two until five in the afternoon , when shops and offices are again open for business . END
they close sometime after eight . END
nine o'clock is the rush hour , when the UNK are jammed , and by UNK the restaurants are beginning to fill . END
bedtime is late , for the UNK evenings are delightful and everyone wants to linger under the stars . END
the sand is fine and pleasant , the UNK are clean , and the UNK , green , UNK , and butter yellow , are very gay . END
although open to the general public it is not UNK ; ; END
the atmosphere is that of an attractive private beach club at home . END
we went there a couple of times to swim and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly . END
this agreeable state of affairs is explicable , i think , on two counts . END
one is greece is not yet suffering from UNK . END
the public may still find pleasure in public places . END
the other is that the charge for UNK and UNK , though modest from an american point of view , still is a little high for many athenians . END
we were struck by the notable absence of banana skins and beer cans , but just so that we wouldn't go overboard on greek refinement , perfection was UNK by a couple of UNK portable radios . END
greek boys and girls also go for UNK , and the stations most UNK to are those carrying united states overseas programs . END
a good deal of english was spoken on the beach , most educated greeks learn it in childhood , and there were also american wives and children of our overseas UNK . END
for a delightful drive out of athens i should recommend UNK , at the end of the attic peninsula . END
the road , a comparatively new one , is very good , winding along UNK , UNK , and UNK of deep and brilliant blue . END
i suppose the day will inevitably come when the area will be UNK with developments , but at present it is deserted and UNK . END
three beneficial UNK to progress are the lack of water , electricity , and telephones . END
at UNK there is a group of beautiful columns , the ruins of a temple to UNK , of particular interest at that time , as active reconstruction was in progress . END
gaunt UNK UNK the ruins , and on the ground segments of columns two and a half to three feet in thickness were being fitted with sections UNK UNK to match exactly the UNK and proportion of the original . END
later they would be UNK into place . END
there is a mediocre restaurant at UNK and i fed a thin little grecian cat and gave it two UNK of water -- there was no milk -- which it UNK up as though it were UNK . END
i think its thirst had never been UNK before . END
norton and i UNK one night in a UNK restaurant in UNK right on the water's edge . END
to enter it , you go down five or six steps from the road . END
across the road is the kitchen , and waiters bearing great UNK of dishes dodge traffic as UNK as their french colleagues at the restaurant in the place du UNK in paris . END
this restaurant , too , had a cat , a dusty , thin little creature . END
how can a cat be thin in a fish restaurant ? ? END
but this one was . END
when offered a UNK it glanced right and left and UNK , obviously frightened and expecting a kick , but too hungry not to snatch the UNK . END
greece was one of the UNK of our trip , but beginning in greece and continuing around the world throughout southeast asia the treatment of animals was UNK , ranging from callous indifference to active cruelty . END
this of course was not true of the educated and sophisticated people we met , who loved their pets , but kindness is not a basic human instinct . END
we met some charming athenians , and among them our chauffeur UNK ranked high . END
his english was limited , and the little he knew he found irritating . END
a particularly UNK phrase was `` o.k. , UNK , we have time at our disposal '' . END
this he claimed was the favorite refrain of the english . END
they would be UNK under a tree sipping UNK , UNK the leisurely life , assuring him that the day was yet young . END
`` let him become honest , and they UNK him . END
-- but let him be ready to invent whatever UNK -- to UNK whatever character -- and to prostitute his paper to whatever ends -- and they UNK him to their heart . END
in proportion to the UNK of his moral worth , is the increase of his worth to them '' . END
to UNK the legislature and thereby UNK himself from a sticky situation , pike took another course and made it appear that the legislature had been UNK . END
he claimed in his attacks that woodruff , with UNK UNK , had deliberately written an ambiguous bid that had so confused the honest members of the legislature that they had awarded him the contract without knowing what they were doing . END
the charge was so UNK that woodruff paid little attention to it , and answered pike in a rather bored way , wearily declaring that a `` new hand '' was pumping the bellows of the UNK organ , and concluding : `` in a controversy with an adversary so utterly UNK of moral principles , even a triumph would entitle the victor to no UNK . END
the game is not worth the ammunition it would cost . END
we therefore leave the writer to the enjoyment of the UNK reputation which the personal abuse he has heaped on us will entitle him to from the low and vulgar herd to which he belongs '' . END
despite UNK continuing refusal to debate with pike through the columns of his newspaper , pike did not let up his attack for a moment . END
over the months he became a political UNK with an incessant barrage of UNK poems UNK woodruff , the `` UNK '' letters UNK woodruff , and long analytical articles UNK woodruff . END
so persistent were these attacks that in march of the following year , woodruff was finally moved to action , and pike was to learn his first lesson in frontier politics , the subtle art of diversion . END
to attack pike directly would gain woodruff little , for as a UNK newcomer pike had nothing to lose . END
by this time woodruff had accurately measured pike as a man of great personal pride , a man who would fly into a towering rage if his integrity were questioned , and who would be anxious to UNK himself . END
UNK honor would now come under attack , but not by woodruff himself . END
the charges would be made in the gazette by an anonymous correspondent , and pike would be so busy trying to track down the UNK character assassin that he would forget about UNK woodruff . END
the strategy worked perfectly . END
pike was stunned by the first blast against his character , which was published in the march 4th issue of the gazette under the name `` vale '' . END
the anonymous correspondent did not resort to UNK . END
he called pike a thief . END
he said pike had stolen UNK from harris during the santa fe expedition ; ; END
he accused pike of continuing his UNK career in arkansas with the theft of some otter skins in van UNK . END
the charges caught pike off balance , coming as they did from an unexpected quarter . END
outraged , he used the advocate of march 7th for a denial , sending immediately to santa fe and van UNK for documents to UNK himself , and demanding that woodruff reveal the name of this UNK UNK who disguised himself under a pastoral UNK . END
woodruff said nothing , and pike , frustrated , UNK throughout little rock in an unsuccessful search for `` vale '' , asking his friends to keep their ears open . END
finally he learned through the UNK that the UNK might be one james w. robinson in pope county . END
without further inquiry , pike jumped to the conclusion that robinson was guilty , and , following the honorable route that would eventually lead to the UNK ground , sent a message to robinson through his friends , demanding that he either confirm or deny his complicity . END
to pike , silence was UNK to an admission of guilt , and he determined to get robinson onto the UNK ground at all costs . END
on april UNK he wrote an open letter in the advocate , making it known `` to the world that UNK w. robinson is by his own admission a base UNK and a UNK '' . END
if robinson was a UNK and a UNK , he was also a very UNK gentleman , for nothing that pike could do would pry so much as a single word out of him . END
preoccupied with his own defense and his attempts to get robinson to fight , pike lessened his attacks on woodruff , and finally stopped them altogether . END
and pike never did find out if robinson was really responsible for the `` vale '' letter . END
UNK strategy had been immensely successful . END
it took pike a long time to realize what woodruff had done , and it had a profound effect on him . END
once he learned a lesson , he never forgot it . END
in the next few months of comparative silence , pike waited patiently until conditions were perfect for a new attack , and then , displaying a remarkable grasp of the subtleties of political UNK , gained from his first bout with woodruff , he used these changed conditions to excellent advantage . END
shortly after the `` vale '' incident , a UNK began to develop between william woodruff and governor pope . END
UNK , gruff , UNK honest , governor pope had been the ideal man to assume office in arkansas after the UNK antics of political bosses like UNK , and he ruled the state with an iron fist , UNK no nonsense . END
woodruff had supported him all the way , both as a chief executive and as a man . END
besides being political allies , they were also friends . END
this warm relationship came to an abrupt end in june of 1834 when the national congress appropriated $3,000 for compiling and printing the laws of arkansas territory , and , taking note of the recent wave of corruption in the legislature , left it to the governor to award the contract . END
woodruff wanted this political UNK very badly , and everyone assumed that he would get it because he was a close friend of the governor and his UNK UNK . END
after all , woodruff owned a competent printing plant and was the logical man for the job . END
but because the governor was determined that friendship should not influence him one way or the other , he looked for a UNK with a knowledge of the law ( which woodruff did not have ) , and awarded the contract to a lawyer named john steele who had started a newspaper in UNK the year before . END
considering the governor's act a personal rebuff , he UNK his feelings in the gazette on august 26 , 1834 : : END
`` we think the governor treated us rather UNK , to say the least of it . END
it is but justice to mr. steele for us to add that , in the above remarks , nothing is intended to his UNK , either as a lawyer or as a UNK . END
he got a good fat job and we congratulate him on his good luck . END
we hope that he will execute it in a manner that will entitle him to credit '' . END
as summer cooled into fall and winter , even so the relationship between the two men continued to grow colder by the day , and by december of 1834 it was icy . END
it was at this point that pike decided to capitalize on the bad feelings between the two men . END
the eventual prize in this new battle was the public printing contract that woodruff still held . END
from his first bout with the UNK woodruff , pike had learned that it was better not to attack him directly , so , UNK on the theme that the cost of printing was too high , he condemned the governor for permitting such a state of affairs to exist . END
to document his charge , pike set up two parallel columns in the advocate showing the price charged by the gazette and the considerably lower price for which the work could be done elsewhere . END
then he called on the governor to explain why . END
the governor was not used to having his integrity questioned , and he promptly passed the charges on to woodruff , demanding that woodruff answer them . END
if woodruff could not furnish a strong explanation , the governor insisted that he lower his prices in accord with the scale printed in the advocate . END
woodruff was now UNK on the horns of a dilemma . END
as a proud man , his prestige would suffer if he let pike UNK to him through the governor's office , but to lower his prices would be UNK to an admission that they had been too high in the first place . END
as a consequence , he did neither . END
very angry at woodruff , the governor used his personal influence to have the printing contract withdrawn from the gazette and awarded to the lowest UNK , which , by a strange coincidence , happened to be UNK advocate . END
and , for the moment at least , the governor now found himself allied with the head of the UNK faction he had formerly opposed , and pike was credited with a clear triumph over woodruff . END
but in the confused atmosphere of frontier politics , UNK were as quickly broken as they were formed , and as pike came to favor with the governor of the territory , the governor fell out of favor with the president of the united states . END
on january 28 , UNK , andrew jackson removed pope from office and elevated territorial secretary william s. fulton to the position . END
fulton was a very close friend of jackson , and had been his private secretary for a number of years in the old days . END
as a UNK party man and a UNK democrat , he had little tolerance for whigs like pike , and pike lost any immediate personal advantage his victory over woodruff might have gained him . END
as pike proved himself adept in the political arena , he also became a social lion in the village of little rock , where he served as a symbol of the culture that the ladies of the town were striving so eagerly to UNK . END
after all , pike was an established poet and his work had been published in the respectable periodicals of that center of american culture , boston . END
his accomplishments , and the fact that he was resident , did much to offset the UNK words travelers used to describe little rock after a visit there . END
for some reason , none of them were impressed with the territorial capital . END
the internationally known sportsman and traveler UNK UNK was typical of its UNK in the UNK . END
`` little rock is a vile , UNK place . END
`` little rock is , without any UNK , one of the UNK towns in the united states and i would not have remained two hours in the place , if i had not met with some good friends who made me forget its UNK '' . END
pike enjoyed his new social position tremendously , and cultivated in himself those traits necessary to its preservation . END
he was especially popular with women , for , like the romantic poetry he wrote , he was personally gracious , gallant , and UNK . END
he again began to play the violin , and UNK the instrument beneath his chin , performed UNK and romantic UNK to match the expressions on the faces of the lovely women who gathered to hear him . END
his artistic accomplishments guaranteed him entry into any social gathering . END
he composed songs and set them to music and sang them in a soft , melodious voice , and when his audience had had enough of music he would discourse on politics or tell stories of his western adventures guaranteed to UNK the emotions of men and women alike . END
the bulk of his early reputation , however , came not from his poetry or his music , but from his excellence as an orator . END
by 1834 the art of UNK had reached a very high level in the united states as a literary form . END
the orator of this period , in order to earn a reputation , had to pay close attention to the formal composition of his speech , judging how it would appear in print as well as the effect it would have on the audience that heard it . END
very soon after his arrival in little rock , pike had joined one of the most influential organizations in town , the little rock debating society , and it was with this group that he made his debut as an orator , being invited to deliver the annual fourth of july address the club sponsored every year . END
samuel gorton , founder of warwick , was UNK by the historian samuel greene arnold `` one of the most remarkable men who ever lived '' . END
a UNK called him `` the UNK john the baptist of new england UNK '' . END
the historian charles francis adams called him `` a crude and UNK thinker '' . END
his contemporaries in massachusetts called him an UNK , a beast , a UNK , a proud and UNK UNK , a prodigious UNK of UNK novelties . END
edward UNK , secretary of the colony of massachusetts bay , described him as `` a man whose spirit was stark drunk with UNK and insolence , a UNK of the truth , a UNK of the peace wherever he comes '' . END
UNK morton stated he `` was deeply UNK with blasphemous and UNK opinions '' . END
he was thrown out , more or less , from boston , plymouth , UNK , newport , and providence . END
on the other hand , dr. UNK styles recorded the following testimony of john UNK , the last disciple of gorton : `` END
he said gorton was a holy man ; ; END
wept day and night for the sins and blindness of the world had a long walk through the trees and woods by his house , where he constantly walked morning and evening , and even in the depths of the night , alone by himself , for contemplation and the enjoyment of the UNK of light . END
he was universally beloved by his UNK , and the indians , who UNK him , not only as a friend , but one high in communion with god in heaven '' . END
gorton sometimes signed himself `` a professor of the mysteries of christ '' . END
there is plenty more to recommend gorton , the facts of whose life are given in the life and times of samuel gorton , by UNK gorton . END
he fought like a UNK for the helpless and oppressed , worked for the abolition of slavery , helped the quakers and indians , and worked against the prosecution of witches . END
he defied the boston hierarchy , and after they sent a small army to get him he UNK the court , including john cotton , with one of the most complicated religious UNK ever heard . END
samuel gorton was born at gorton , england , near the present city of manchester , about UNK . END
although he did not attend any celebrated schools or universities , he was a master of greek and hebrew and could read the bible in the original . END
he worked as a `` UNK '' in london , but was greatly concerned with religion . END
gorton left england , he said , `` to enjoy UNK of conscience in respect to faith towards god , and for no other end '' . END
with his wife and three or more children he arrived in boston in march , UNK , and soon found it was no place for anyone looking for liberty of conscience . END
roger williams had recently been thrown out , and anne UNK and her UNK were UNK it out with the UNK . END
gorton and his family moved to plymouth . END
soon he was in trouble there , for defending a woman who was accused of smiling in church . END
she was ellen UNK , a widow of good UNK who was employed by UNK wife and lived with the family . END
the report was : `` END
it had been whispered privately that she had smiled in the congregation , and the governor UNK sent to UNK her business , and command , after punishment as the bench see fit , her departure and also anyone who brought her to the place from which she came ' '' . END
gorton said they were preparing to UNK her as a UNK , and to escape the shame she fled to the woods for several days , returning at night . END
he advised the poor woman not to appear in court as what she was charged with was not in violation of law . END
gorton appeared for her , however , and what he told the UNK must have been plenty , for he was charged with UNK the court , fined , and told to leave the colony within fourteen days . END
he left in a storm for UNK , december 4 , UNK . END
his wife was in delicate health and nursing an infant with UNK . END
the UNK mrs. UNK was residing at UNK , after having been excommunicated by the boston church and thrown out of the colony . END
one can imagine that with her and gorton there it was no place for anyone with weak nerves . END
william UNK , who was running the colony , felt UNK to move seven miles south where , with others -- as mentioned above -- he founded newport . END
when , in march , UNK , the two towns were united under UNK , gorton claimed the union was irregular and UNK constituted and that it had never been sanctioned by the majority of UNK . END
then he became involved in a UNK remarkably similar to the one in plymouth . END
a cow owned by an old woman UNK on UNK land . END
while driving the cow back home the woman was assaulted by a servant maid of gorton . END
the old woman complained to the deputy governor , who ordered the servant brought before the court . END
gorton UNK to his plymouth tactics , refused to let her go , and appeared himself before the portsmouth grand jury . END
during the trial he told off the jury , called them `` just UNK '' and called a freeman `` a UNK boy and UNK '' . END
he was UNK and banished . END
gorton then moved to providence and soon put the town in a turmoil . END
he held that no group of UNK could set up or maintain a government without royal sanction . END
since rhode island at that time did not have such sanction , his opinion was not popular . END
roger williams wrote his friend UNK as follows : `` END
master gorton , having UNK abused high and low at UNK is now UNK and UNK poor providence , both with his unclean and foul UNK of all the ministers of this country ( for which myself have in christ's name UNK him ) , and also denying all visible and external UNK in depth of UNK : almost all suck in his poison , as at first they did at UNK . END
some few and myself UNK his UNK and town privileges , without confession and reformation of his UNK and inhuman practices at portsmouth ; ; END
yet the tide is too strong against us , and i fear ( if the UNK of hearts help not ) it will force me to little patience , a little isle next to your prudence '' . END
williams also stated : `` our peace was like the peace of a man who UNK the UNK UNK '' . END
providence finally managed to get gorton out of the town , and he and some friends bought land at pawtuxet on the west side of narragansett bay , five miles south but still within the jurisdiction of the providence colony . END
this town should not be confused with UNK , just north of providence , or UNK , connecticut , on the UNK river , opposite westerly , rhode island . END
up to now , gorton had been looking for trouble , and now that he was trying to get away from it , trouble started looking for him . END
upon intelligence that the formidable UNK was to favor them with his presence , the UNK inhabitants of pawtuxet , alas , gave their allegiance to massachusetts and asked that colony to UNK the newcomers . END
as it was the custom of that alert colony to take over the property of persons asking for protection , this was an act roughly equivalent to throwing open the door to a pack of wolves and saying `` come and get it '' . END
gorton and company , however , promptly bought land from UNK a few miles south of pawtuxet , extending from the present UNK point south to warwick neck and twenty miles inland . END
the settlement was called UNK . END
it was not within the jurisdiction of anybody or anything , including providence and massachusetts . END
if gorton wanted peace and quiet for his complicated meditations this is where he should have had it . END
instead of that he was engulfed by UNK . END
UNK and UNK , a couple of minor UNK ( of something less than exalted character ) under UNK , declared that they had never UNK to the sale of land to gorton and had never received anything for it . END
following the glorious lead of the heroes of pawtuxet , they also submitted themselves to the protection of massachusetts . END
one historical authority presents UNK and UNK testimony tending to arouse suspicion that massachusetts was behind the clouds settling down on the UNK gorton . END
however , the general court at boston ordered the purchasers of UNK to appear before them to answer the UNK claim . END
the purchasers rejected the order in two letters written in vigorous terms . END
then massachusetts switched to its standard tactics . END
it pointed out twenty-six instances of blasphemy in the letters , and ordered the writers to submit or force of arms would be used . END
the next week , forty soldiers were sent to get the UNK . END
the latter tried to UNK through a delegation from providence , which offer was declined by the invaders . END
the commissioners at boston wrote the victims to see their misdeeds and UNK or they should `` look upon them as men prepared for slaughter '' . END
at UNK , women and children fled in terror across the bay . END
the men fortified a UNK and got ready to fight , but meanwhile appealed to the king and again tried to UNK . END
gorton evidently still had plenty to learn about massachusetts , but he was learning fast . END
governor UNK wrote : `` END
you may do well to take notice , that besides the title to land between the english and the indians there , there are twelve of the english that have UNK their names to horrible and UNK UNK , who are rather to be judged as blasphemous than they should UNK us by winning time under pretence of UNK '' . END
the attack started on october 2 , UNK , and the UNK held out for a day and a night . END
the UNK sent for more soldiers , and the defenders , to save UNK , surrendered under the promise that they would be treated as neighbors . END
promptly their livestock was taken and according to gorton the soldiers were ordered to knock down anyone who should utter a word of insolence , and run through anyone who might step out of line . END
when the UNK arrived in boston , `` the chaplain ( of their UNK ) went to prayers in the open streets , that the people might take notice what they had done in a holy manner , and in the name of the lord '' . END
gorton and ten of his friends were thrown in jail . END
on sunday they refused to attend church . END
the UNK were determined to compel them . END
the prisoners agreed , provided they might speak after the sermon , which was permitted . END
here was UNK chance to indulge in something at which he was supreme . END
the boston elders were great at UNK the opposition with UNK of ecclesiastical UNK , but gorton was better . END
reverend cotton preached to them about UNK and the shrines of UNK . END
gorton replied with blasts that UNK the congregation . END
at the trial which took place later , the UNK matter was completely omitted . END
the UNK were charged with blasphemy and tried for their lives . END
four ecclesiastical questions were presented by the general court to gorton : `` 1 . END
whether the fathers , who died before christ was born of the virgin mary , were justified and saved only by the blood which he shed , and the death which he suffered after his incarnation ? ? END
whether the only price of our redemption were not the death of christ on the cross , with the rest of his sufferings and UNK , in the time of his life here , after he was born of the virgin mary ? ? END
who was the god whom he UNK we serve ? ? END
what he means when he saith , wee worship the UNK of our god UNK , UNK , UNK '' ? ? END
gorton answered in writing . END
all of the elders except three voted for death , but a majority of the deputies refused to sanction the sentence . END
seven of the prisoners were sentenced to be confined in irons for as long as it pleased the court , set to work and , if they broke jail or proclaimed UNK , to be executed if convicted . END
the three others got off easier . END
the convicts were put in chains , UNK before the congregation at the reverend UNK lecture as an example , and sent to UNK in various towns , where they UNK all winter , chains included . END
when fred wheeled him back into his room , the big one looking out on the back porch , and put him to bed , papa told him he was very tired but that he had enjoyed greatly the trip downtown . END
`` i've been UNK up so long '' , he added . END
getting out again , seeing old friends , had given his spirits a lift . END
that night after supper i went back over to 48 spruce street -- ralph and i at that time were living at UNK chestnut -- and ralph went with me . END
papa was still UNK over his afternoon visit downtown . END
`` baby , i saw a lot of old friends i hadn't seen in a long time '' , he told me , his eyes bright . END
`` it was mighty good for the old man to get out again '' . END
the next day he seemed to be in fairly good shape and still in excellent spirits . END
but a few days after UNK return he began UNK and that was the beginning of early and complete disintegration . END
it began in the morning , and very quickly the hemorrhage was a massive one . END
we got dr. glenn to him as quickly as we could , and we wired tom of papa's desperate condition . END
the hemorrhage was in the UNK region ; ; END
dr. glenn saw at once what had happened . END
`` he has lost much blood '' , he said . END
`` it'll take a lot to replace it '' . END
`` dr. glenn , i've got a lot of blood '' , fred spoke up , `` plenty of it . END
let me give papa blood '' . END
the doctor agreed , but explained that it would be necessary first to check UNK blood to ascertain whether or not it was of the same type as papa's . END
to give a patient the wrong type of blood , said the doctor , would likely kill him . END
that was in the days before blood banks , of course , and transfusions had to be given directly from donor to patient . END
one had to find a donor , and usually very quickly , whose blood corresponded with the patient's . END
and then it took considerably longer to make preparations for giving transfusions . END
they had to take blood samples to the laboratory to test them , for one thing , and there was much required preliminary procedure . END
they made the tests and came to fred ; ; END
by now it was perhaps two days or longer after papa had begun UNK . END
`` fred , your blood matches your father's , all right '' , dr. glenn said . END
`` but we aren't going to let you give him any '' . END
`` but why in the name of god can't i give my father blood '' ? ? END
`` why can't i , doctor '' ? ? END
`` because , fred , it could do him no good . END
it's too late now . END
he's as good as gone '' . END
and in a few minutes papa was dead . END
it was well past midnight . END
papa had left us about the same hour of the night that ben had passed on . END
the date was june 20 , 1922 . END
`` w. o. wolfe , prominent business man and pioneer resident of this section , died shortly after midnight tuesday at his home 48 spruce street '' , the UNK times of wednesday , june 21 , announced . END
`` mr. wolfe had been in declining health for many years and death was not unexpected '' . END
a biographical sketch followed . END
funeral services were held thursday afternoon at four o'clock at the home . END
beloved dr. r. f. campbell , our first presbyterian church pastor , was in charge . END
the burial was out in riverside cemetery . END
all about him stood UNK his own sensitive great hands had fashioned . END
a few years before his death papa had agreed with mama to make a joint will with her in which it would be provided that in the event of the death of either of them an accounting would be made to their children whereby each child would receive a bequest of $5000 cash . END
at his death fred and ralph , my husband , were named UNK of the estate under the terms of the will . END
fred and ralph qualified as UNK and paid off what debts were currently due , and they were all current , since papa was never one to allow bills to go unpaid . END
the bills were principally for hospitalization and UNK fees during the last years of his life , and when he died he owed in the main only current doctor's bills . END
after they had paid all his debts and the funeral costs , ralph and fred had some fourteen thousand dollars , as i remember , with which to pay the UNK . END
this , manifestly , would not provide $5000 to each of the surviving five children . END
so what fred and ralph did was to attempt to UNK the money fairly by taking into account what each of the five had received , if anything , from the estate before papa's death . END
consequently , fred and tom , the two who had been provided college UNK , signed statements to the effect that each had received his bequest in full , and UNK and i were each allotted $5000 . END
frank had been given about half his legacy to use in a business venture before papa's death ; ; END
he was given the difference between that amount and $5000 . END
tom had received four years of education at the university of north carolina and two at harvard , and fred had been in and out of georgia tech and UNK tech and part of the time had been a self-help student . END
so , because he had received less than tom , it was felt proper that fred should receive the few hundred dollars that remained . END
and that's how papa's estate was divided . END
papa , i should emphasize , had been an invalid the last several years of his life ; ; END
his hospital and doctor bills had been large and his income had been cut until he was receiving little except small UNK on some properties he still owned . END
had he been able to escape this long siege of UNK , i'm convinced , papa would have left a sizable estate . END
but he had succeeded well , we agreed . END
he had left us a legacy far more valuable than houses and lands and stocks and bonds . END
for years papa and mama had been large taxpayers . END
i recall that several years their taxes exceeded $800 . END
in those years of lower property UNK and lower tax rates , that payment represented ownership of much property . END
`` UNK god , julia '' ! ! END
i have known papa to UNK on getting his tax bill , `` we're going to the dogs '' ! ! END
but he never expected to do that . END
and he didn't , by a long shot ! ! END
in the spring of his second year at harvard , tom had been offered a job at northwestern university as an instructor in the english department . END
but he had delayed accepting this job , and as he was leaving to come home to papa in response to our telegram , he dropped a postcard to miss UNK , head of the harvard appointment office , asking her please to write northwestern authorities and explain the circumstances . END
actually tom had been UNK giving them an answer , i'm confident , because he did not want to go out there to teach . END
in fact , he didn't want to teach anywhere . END
he wanted to go back to harvard for another year of UNK . END
but papa's death had further complicated the financing of tom's UNK third year , and for the weeks following it tom did not know whether his return to harvard could be arranged . END
but things were worked out in the family and late in august he wrote miss UNK an explanatory letter in which he told her that matters at home had been in an unsettled condition after papa's death and he had not known whether he would stay at home with mama , accept the northwestern job , or return to harvard . END
but he was happy to tell her that his finances were now in such condition that he could go back to harvard for a third year with professor baker . END
and that's what he did . END
that third year he wrote plays with a fury . END
i believe there are seventeen short plays by tom now housed in the houghton library at harvard ; ; END
i think i'm right in that figure . END
that fall he submitted to professor baker the first acts and outlines of the following acts of several plays , six of them , according to some of his associates , and he also worked on a play that he first called UNK , the material for which he had collected during the summer at home . END
later this play would be called welcome to our city . END
in the spring , it must have been , he began working on the play that he called the house , which later would be UNK . END
that spring welcome to our city was selected for production by the 47 workshop and it was staged in the middle of may . END
it ran two nights , and though it was generally praised , there was considerable criticism of its length . END
it ran until past one o'clock . END
that was tom's weakness ; ; END
it was demonstrated , many critics would later point out , in the length of his novels . END
in this play there were so many characters and so much detail . END
tom never knew how to UNK , to boil down . END
he was always concerned with life , and he tried to picture it whole ; ; END
he wanted nothing compressed , tight . END
he was a big man , and he wanted nothing little , squeezed ; ; END
he UNK UNK , and particularly of words . END
in this play there were some thirty or more named characters and i don't know how many more unnamed . END
in describing it to professor baker after it had been chosen for production , he defended his great array of characters by declaring that he had included that many not because `` i didn't know how to save paint '' , but because the play required them . END
and he threatened someday to write a play `` with fifty , eighty , a hundred people -- a whole town , a whole race , a whole epoch '' . END
he said he would do it , though probably nobody would produce it , for his own `` UNK ease and comfort '' . END
that summer tom attended the summer session at harvard , but he did not ask mama to send him back in the fall . END
instead , he went down to new york and submitted welcome to our city to the theatre guild , which had asked him to let them have a look at it after professor baker had recommended it highly . END
he hung around new york , waiting to hear whether they would accept it for production and in that time came down to UNK and also paid a short visit to chapel hill , where with almost childish delight he visited old friends and favorite campus spots . END
on returning to new york he had a job for several weeks ; ; END
it was visiting university of north carolina alumni in new york to ask them for contributions to the graham memorial building fund . END
the graham memorial would be the campus student union honoring the late and much beloved edward UNK graham , who had been president when tom entered the university . END
well , the theatre guild kept that play , and kept it , and finally in december they turned it down . END
but they would reconsider it , they assured him , if he would rewrite it . END
tom told me about it , how one evening he went over to see the theatre guild man . END
this man , tom said , had the play shut up in his desk , i believe , and when tom sat down , he pulled it out and apologetically told tom that they wouldn't be able to use it . END
tom said he almost burst into tears , he was so disappointed and put out . END
the man , tom said , explained that it was not only too long and detailed but that as it stood it wasn't the sort of thing the public wanted . END
the public , tom said the man told him , wanted realism , and his play wasn't that . END
it was fantastic writing , beautiful writing , the man declared , but the public , he insisted , wanted realism . END
tom was not willing to revise the play according to the plan the man suggested . END
such a revision , he said , would ruin it , would change his whole conception of the play as well as the treatment . END
he thought about it and he told the man he just couldn't do it over in accordance with the suggestions he had made . END
it was not until we had returned to the city to live , while i was still at brown and UNK , that i felt the full impact of evangelical christianity . END
i came under the spell of a younger group in the church led by the UNK older son . END
the spirit of this group was that we were -- and are -- living in a world doomed to eternal punishment , but that god through jesus christ has provided a way of escape for those who confess their sins and accept salvation . END
there are millions who accept this doctrine , but few indeed are those who accept it so truly that the fate of humanity lies as a weight on their souls night and day . END
this group in park place church was made up of the earnest few . END
i was drawn deeper and deeper into these concerns and responsibilities . END
i engaged more and more in religious activities . END
besides church and sunday school i went to UNK meetings on the sidewalk at the church door . END
i went to an afternoon service at the aj . END
i went to the christian endeavor society and to the evening service of the church . END
much of this lacked the active support of the pastor . END
the young people were UNK , and i was UNK . END
once or twice my father asked me if i wasn't UNK a bit in my UNK . END
meanwhile i myself was not yet saved . END
at least i had been unable to lay hold on the experience of conversion . END
try as i might to confess my sins and accept salvation , no answer came to me from heaven . END
finally , after years , i gave up . END
the basic difficulty , i suppose , was in my ultimate inability to feel a burden of sin from which i sought relief . END
i was familiar with UNK progress , which i read as literature . END
no load of sin had been laid on my shoulders , nor did earnest effort enable me to become conscious of one . END
there is , of course , the doctrine of original sin , which asserts that each of us as individuals UNK of the guilt of our first ancestor . END
in the UNK UNK this doctrine is worded thus : `` in UNK fall we UNK all '' . END
this doctrine was UNK to my moral sense . END
i did not feel it presumptuous to expect that the creator would be at least as just as the most righteous of his creatures ; ; END
and the doctrine of original sin is compounded of injustice . END
some of these thoughts -- not all of them -- have taken organized form in later years . END
the actual UNK force which severed me from evangelical effort was of another sort . END
i became disgusted at being so preoccupied with the state of my own miserable soul . END
i found myself becoming one of that group of people who , in UNK words , `` are forever gazing into their own UNK , anxiously asking ' am i right , am i wrong ' '' ? ? END
i UNK me of the lord's prayer , and these words came to mind : `` thy kingdom come , thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . END
they have remained on the opened page of my mind in all the years which since have passed . END
from that time to this my religious concern is that i might give effective help to the bringing in of god's kingdom on earth . END
i do not claim to be free from sin , or from the need for UNK and forgiveness . END
in my experience the assurance of forgiveness comes only when i have confessed to the UNK one and have made as full UNK as i can devise . END
there was one further step in my religious progress . END
this was taken after i came to live in UNK , and it was made under the guidance of the reverend raymond UNK , a young preacher who came to the congregational church there at about the same time that i moved from new york . END
his father was a professor at UNK theological seminary , and from him he acquired a conviction , which he passed along to me , that there is in the universe of persons a moral law , the law of love , which is a natural law in the same sense as is the physical law . END
it is most important that we recognize the law of love as being unbreakable in all personal relationships , whether individually , socially or as between whole nations of people . END
if obeyed , the law brings order and satisfaction . END
if disobeyed , the result is turmoil and chaos . END
as we observe moral law and physical law they appear as being inevitable . END
we can conceive of no alternatives . END
their basis seems deeper than mere authority . END
they are not true because scientists or prophets say they are true . END
it is not the authority of god himself which makes them true . END
because god is what he is , the laws of the universe , material and spiritual , are what they are . END
UNK and law are one and inseparable . END
with this conviction , the partition between the sacred and the secular UNK . END
one's daily work becomes sacred , since it is performed in the field of influence of the moral law , dealing as it does with people as well as with matter and energy . END
in his book civilization and ethics albert schweitzer faces the moral problems which arise when moral law is recognized in business life , for example . END
his ethics defines `` possessions as the property of the community , of which the individual is sovereign UNK . END
one serves society by conducting a business from which a certain number of employees draw their means of subsistence ; ; END
another by giving away his property in order to help his fellow man . END
each will decide on his own course somewhere between these two extreme cases according to the sense of responsibility which is determined for him by the particular circumstances of his own life . END
no one is to judge others '' . END
he is uncompromising in assigning guilt to the man who finds it necessary to inflict or permit injury to one individual or group for the sake of a larger good . END
for this decision a man must take personal responsibility . END
says he , `` i may never imagine that in the struggle between personal and UNK responsibility it is possible to make a compromise between the ethical and the UNK in the shape of a relative ethic ; ; END
or to let the ethical be superseded by the UNK . END
on the contrary it is my duty to make my own decision as between the two '' . END
schweitzer seems , in fact , to acquire for himself a burden of sin , not UNK by adam , but accumulated in the inevitable judgments which life requires of him as between greater and lesser responsibilities . END
this viewpoint i find interesting , but it has never weighed on my soul . END
perhaps it should have . END
my own experience has followed simpler lines . END
an uncompromising belief in the moral law has the advantage of making religion natural , even as physical law is natural . END
neither the engineer nor the ordinary citizen feels any self-consciousness in UNK the laws of matter and energy , nor can he achieve a sense of UNK in such obedience . END
to obey the moral law is just ordinary common sense , applied to a neglected field . END
religion thus becomes integrated with life . END
this truth that the moral law is natural has other important UNK . END
one of them is that it gives meaning and purpose to life . END
in seeking for such meaning and purpose , albert schweitzer seized upon the concept of the `` sacredness of life '' . END
it is puzzling to the UNK mind ( to mine at least ) to assign `` sacredness '' to animal , insect , and plant life . END
these lives are in themselves outside of the moral order and are UNK with moral responsibility . END
there is indeed a moral responsibility on man himself , for his own UNK sake , to respect lower life and to avoid the UNK of suffering , but this viewpoint schweitzer rejects . END
so far as `` sacredness '' UNK in any aspect of creation it seems to me to be found in human personality , whether in UNK , africa , or in washington , d.c. . END
one cannot read the records of scientists , officials and travelers who have penetrated to the minds of the most savage races without realizing that each individual met with is a person . END
read , for instance , in UNK UNK UNK people of UNK and her wise father UNK UNK , and her final adjustment to UNK civilization . END
above all read in UNK UNK the last UNK show the old man of the UNK tribe ( not UNK ) in central australia gave to the white man his UNK possession , while the tears UNK down his face . END
the australian aborigine is the conventional UNK of UNK humanity ; ; END
yet here was a depth of sensibility which is lacking in a considerable portion of the UNK of our civilization . END
persons , whether white , black , brown or yellow , are a concern of god . END
respect for personality is a privilege and a duty for us as brothers . END
such is the field for exercising our reverence . END
as to our action , let us UNK ourselves with the purpose expressed by jesus in the lord's prayer : `` thy kingdom come , thy will be done , on earth as it is in heaven '' . END
with the knowledge that the kingdom comes by obedience to the moral law in our relations with all people , we have a firm intellectual grasp on both the means and the ends of our lives . END
this intellectual approach to spiritual life suited me well , because i was never content to lead a divided life . END
as i have said , words from UNK remain ever in my memory : `` that mind and soul , according well , may make one music as before '' . END
let us now give some thought to the soul . END
when the young UNK , dr. UNK , began to show interest in our daughter elizabeth , this induced a corresponding interest , on our part , in him . END
i asked one day what he was doing . END
he told me that he had a big newt and a little newt and that he was UNK a big eye of the big newt onto the little newt and a little eye of the little newt onto the big newt . END
he was then noting that the big eye on the little newt hung back until the little eye had grown up to it , while the little eye on the big newt grew rapidly until it was as big as the other . END
then i asked , `` what does that teach you '' ? ? END
said he , `` it teaches me to wonder '' . END
this was a profound statement . END
in the face of the unfolding universe , our ultimate attitude is that of wonder . END
wonder is indeed the intellectual UNK to the spiritual world . END
gone are the days when , in the nineteenth century , scientists thought that they were close to the attainment of complete knowledge of the physical universe . END
for them only a little more needed to be learned , and then all physical knowledge could be neatly sorted , packaged and put in the inventory to be drawn on for the solution of any human problem . END
this complacency was blown to bits by the UNK of UNK , the revelation of the complex anatomy of the atom and the discovery of the expanding universe . END
none of these discoveries were neatly rounded off bits of knowledge . END
each faded out into the unexplored areas of the future . END
it is as if we , in our center of human observation , from time to time penetrate more deeply into the unknown . END
as our radius of penetration , r , increases , the area of new knowledge increases by af , and the total of human knowledge becomes measured in terms of af . END
there are some people , intelligent people , who seem to be untouched by the sea of wonder in which we are immersed and in which we spend our lives . END
one such is abraham meyer , the writer of a recent book , speaking of man . END
this is a straightforward denial of the spiritual world and a vigorous defense of pure materialism . END
his inability to wonder UNK his argument . END
the subject of immortality brings to mind a vivid incident which took place in 1929 at UNK in switzerland . END
criticism is as old as literary art and we can set the stage for our study of three UNK if we see how certain critics in the past have dealt with the ethical aspects of literature . END
i have chosen five contrasting pairs , ten men in all , and they are arranged in roughly chronological order . END
such a list must naturally be selective , and the treatment of each man is brief , for i am interested only in their general ideas on the moral measure of literature . END
altogether , the list will give us considerable variety in attitudes and some typical ones , for these critics range all the way from UNK to those who consider art above ethics , all the way from plato to poe . END
and most of the great periods are represented , because we will compare plato and aristotle from the golden age of greece ; ; END
stephen gosson and sir philip sidney from renaissance england ; ; END
dr. johnson and william UNK of the eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries in england ; ; END
and james russell lowell and UNK allan poe of nineteenth century american letters . END
plato and aristotle agree on some vital literary issues . END
they both measure literature by moral standards , and in their political writings both allow for censorship , but the differences between them are also significant . END
while aristotle UNK literature only for the young , plato would banish all poets from his ideal state . END
even more important , in his poetics , aristotle differs somewhat from plato when he moves in the direction of treating literature as a unique thing , separate and apart from its causes and its effects . END
all through the republic , plato attends to the way art relates to the general life and ultimately to a good life for his citizens . END
in short , he is constantly concerned with the ethical effects . END
when he discusses the subject matter of poetry , he asks what moral effect the scenes will have . END
when he turns briefly to literary style , in the third book , he again looks to the effect on the audience . END
he explains that his citizens must not be UNK by any of the UNK of the gods or heroes that one finds in much poetry , and he observes that all `` these UNK gentlemen '' will be sent to another state . END
only those story UNK will remain who can `` imitate the style of the virtuous '' . END
plato is , at times , just as suspicious of the poets themselves as he is of their work . END
when he discusses UNK in the eighth book of the republic , he pictures the poets as willing to praise the worst rulers . END
but the most fundamental objection he has to poets appears in the tenth book , and it is derived from his doctrine of ideal forms . END
in plato's mind there is an UNK conflict between the poet and the philosopher , because the poet UNK only particular objects and is incapable of rising to the first level of abstraction , much less the highest level of ideal forms . END
true reality , of course , is the ideal , and the poet knows nothing of this ; ; END
only the philosopher knows the truth . END
poets , moreover , dwell on human passions . END
and with this point about the passions , we encounter plato's UNK . END
the same sort of thinking plays so large a part in both UNK and more , that we must examine it in some detail . END
plato feels that man has two competing aspects , his rational faculty and his irrational . END
we can be virtuous only if we control our lower natures , the passions in this case , and strengthen our rational side ; ; END
and poetry , with all its emphasis on the passions , encourages the audience to give way to emotion . END
for this reason , then , poetry tends to weaken the power of control , the reason , because it UNK one to indulge his passions , and even the best of men , he maintains , may be UNK by this subtle influence . END
plato's attitude toward poetry has always been something of an enigma , because he is so completely sensitive to its charm . END
his whole objection , indeed , seems to rise out of a deep conviction that the poets do have great power to influence , but plato seldom pays any attention to what might be called the poem itself . END
he is , rather , concerned with the effect on society and he wants the poets to join his fight for justice . END
he wants them to use their great power to strengthen man's rational side , to teach virtue , and to encourage religion . END
while plato finally allows a few acceptable hymns to the gods and famous men , still he clearly leaves the way open for further discussion of the issue . END
he even calls upon the poets to defend the muse and to show that poetry may contribute to virtue . END
we may further grant to those of her ( UNK ) defenders who are lovers of poetry and yet not poets , the permission to speak in prose on her behalf : let them show not only that she is pleasant but also useful to states and to human life , and we will listen in a kindly spirit ; ; END
for if this can be proved we shall surely be the UNK -- i mean , if there is a use in poetry as well as a delight '' . END
when we turn to aristotle's ideas on the moral measure of literature , it is at once apparent that he is at times equally concerned about the influence of the art . END
in the ideal state , for instance , he argues that the young citizens should hear only the most carefully selected tales and stories . END
for this reason , he would banish indecent pictures and speeches from the stage ; ; END
and the young people should not even be permitted to see UNK till they are old enough to drink strong wine and sit at the public tables . END
by the time they reach that age , however , aristotle no longer worries about the evil influence of UNK . END
in aristotle's analysis of tragedy in the poetics , we find an attempt to isolate the art , to consider only those things proper to it , to discover how it differs from other arts , and to deal with the effects peculiar to it . END
he assures us , early in the poetics , that all art is `` imitation '' and that all imitation gives pleasure , but he distinguishes between art in general and poetic art on the basis of the means , manner , and the objects of the imitation . END
once the poetic arts are separated from the other forms , he lays down his famous definition of tragedy , which sets up standards and so lends direction to the remainder of the work . END
a tragedy , by his definition , is an imitation of an action that is serious , of a certain magnitude , and complete in itself . END
it should have a dramatic form with pleasing language , and it should portray incidents which so arouse pity and fear that it UNK these emotions in the audience . END
any tragedy , he maintains , has six elements : plot , character , and thought ( the objects of imitation ) , diction and melody ( the means of imitation ) , and spectacle ( the manner of imitation ) . END
throughout the rest of the poetics , aristotle continues to discuss the characteristics of these six parts and their UNK , and he refers frequently to the standards suggested by his definition of tragedy . END
aristotle's method in the poetics , then , does suggest that we should isolate the work . END
the chicago UNK of modern critics follow aristotle so far in this direction that it is hard to see how they can compare one poem with another for the purpose of evaluation . END
but there are , however , several features of aristotle's approach which open the way for the moral measure of literature . END
for one thing , aristotle mentions that plays may corrupt the audience . END
in addition , his definition of a tragedy invites our attention , because a serious and important action may very well be one that tests the moral fiber of the author or of the characters . END
and there is one other point in the poetics that invites moral evaluation : aristotle's notion that the distinctive function of tragedy is to UNK one's emotions by UNK pity and fear . END
he rejects certain plots because they do not contribute to that end . END
the point is that an ethical critic , with an assist from freud , can seize on this theory to argue that tragedy provides us with a harmless outlet for our hostile urges . END
in his study samuel johnson , joseph wood UNK takes this line when he says that what aristotle really means by his theory of catharsis is that our evil passions may be so UNK by the dramatic ritual that it is `` less likely that we shall indulge them through our own acts '' . END
in UNK view , this is one way to show how literature may be moral in effect without employing the explicit methods of a UNK . END
and we can add that UNK interpretation of UNK is also one answer to plato's fear that poetry will encourage our passions . END
if UNK is correct , tragedy may have quite the opposite effect . END
it may UNK our passions and so restore the rule of reason . END
or in more UNK terms , the experience may serve to UNK our destructive urges and strengthen the ego and UNK . END
the second half of the sixteenth century in england was the setting for a violent and long controversy over the moral quality of renaissance literature , especially the drama . END
no one suggested that the ethical effects of the art were irrelevant . END
both sides agreed that the theater must stand a moral test , but they could not agree on whether the poets were a good or a bad influence . END
both sides claimed that plato and aristotle supported their cause . END
those who wanted to close the theaters , for example , pointed to plato's republic and those who wished to keep them open called on the plato of the ion to testify in their behalf . END
the most famous document that comes out of this dispute is perhaps sir philip UNK an UNK for UNK , published in UNK . END
many students of literature know that classical defense . END
what is not so well known , however , and what is quite important for understanding the issues of this early quarrel , is the kind of attack on literature that sidney was answering . END
for this reason , then i want to describe , first , two examples of the UNK attacks : stephen UNK the school of abuse , UNK , and his later UNK UNK , published in UNK . END
second , we will see how sidney answered the charges , for while UNK essay was not specifically a reply to gosson , his arguments do support the new theater . END
according to william UNK study , stephen gosson , the theater business in london had become a thriving enterprise by UNK , and , in the opinion of many , a thoroughly bad business . END
aroused by what they considered an evil influence , some members of the clergy , joined by city authorities , merchants , and master craftsmen , began the attack on the plays and the actors for what they called `` the abuses of the art '' , but by UNK some of them began to denounce the whole idea of acting . END
although this kind of wholesale objection came at first from some men who were not technically UNK , still , once the UNK gained power , they UNK the affair by passing the infamous ordinance of UNK which UNK that all `` public UNK shall cease and be UNK '' . END
with that act of parliament the opponents of the stage won the day , and for more than two decades after that england had no legitimate public drama . END
in the early days of this controversy over the theater one of the interested parties , stephen gosson , published a little tract in which he objected mildly to the abuses of art , rather than the art itself . END
but his opposition hardened and by UNK , in the school of abuse , he was ready to banish all `` players '' . END
he UNK women to UNK `` of those places which in UNK UNK you and UNK you in UNK '' . END
he does not really approve of UNK and laughter , but sex is the deadly sin . END
he UNK that a single glance can lead us into temptation , for `` looking UNK have UNK UNK , and UNK UNK may UNK in lust '' . END
but it would not be very satisfactory to leave our conclusions at the point just reached . END
fortunately , it is possible to be somewhat more concrete and factual in UNK the involvement of values in education . END
for this purpose we now draw upon data from sociological and psychological studies of students in american colleges and universities , and particularly from the cornell values studies . END
in the latter research program , information is available for UNK cornell students surveyed in 1950 and for UNK students surveyed in 1952 . END
of the latter sample , UNK persons had been studied two years earlier ; ; END
hence changes in attitudes and values can be analyzed for identical individuals at two points in time . END
in addition , the 1952 study collected comparable data from UNK students at ten other colleges and universities scattered across the country : dartmouth , harvard , yale , UNK , north carolina , UNK , texas , university of california at los angeles , wayne , and michigan . END
we find , in the first place , that the students overwhelmingly approve of higher education , positively evaluate the job their own institution is doing , do not accept most of the criticisms UNK against higher education in the public prints , and , on the whole , approve of the way their university deals with UNK and value UNK . END
it is not our impression that these evaluations are UNK UNK resultants of blissful ignorance ; ; END
rather , the UNK of these students find their university experience congenial to their own sense of values . END
students are approximately equally divided between those who regard vocational preparation as the primary goal of an ideal education and those who chose a general liberal education . END
other conceivable goals , such as UNK and social adjustment , are of secondary importance to them . END
the ideal of a liberal education UNK itself upon the students more and more as they move through college . END
even in such technical UNK as engineering , the senior is much more likely than the freshman to choose , as an ideal , liberal education over specific vocational preparation . END
in the university milieu of scholarship and research , of social diversity , of new ideas and varied and UNK interests , `` socialization '' into a campus culture apparently means heightened appreciation of the idea of a liberal education in the arts and sciences . END
students' choices of ideal educational goals are not arbitrary or UNK . END
there is a clear relationship between their educational evaluations and their basic pattern of general values . END
the selective and directional qualities of basic UNK are clearly evident in these data : the `` UNK '' students choose vocational preparation , the `` UNK '' choose goals of social adjustment ( `` getting along with people '' ) , the `` intellectuals '' choose a liberal arts emphasis . END
the same patterned consistency shows itself in occupational choices . END
there is impressive consistency between specific occupational preferences and the UNK basic conception of what is for him a good way of life . END
and , contrary to many popular UNK , the UNK chosen do not seem to us to be primarily oriented to UNK success nor to mere conformity . END
our students want UNK that permit them to use their talents and training , to be creative and original , to work with and to help other people . END
they also want money , prestige , and security . END
but they are optimistic about their prospects in these regards ; ; END
they set limits to their aspirations -- few UNK to millions of dollars or to `` imperial '' power and glory . END
within the fixed frame of these aspirations , they can afford to place a high value on the expressive and UNK aspects of occupation and to minimize the UNK values of power , prestige , and wealth . END
occupational choices are also useful -- and interesting -- in bringing out clearly that values do not constitute the only component in goals and aspirations . END
for there is also the `` face of reality '' in the form of the individual's perceptions of his own abilities and interests , of the objective possibilities open to him , of the familial and other social pressures to which he is exposed . END
we find `` reluctant recruits '' whose values are not in line with their expected UNK characteristics . END
students develop occupational images -- not always accurate or detailed -- and they try to fit their values to the presumed characteristics of the imagined occupation . END
the purely UNK or UNK problems are often acute . END
furthermore , many reluctant recruits are yielding to social demands , or compromising in the face of their own limitations of opportunity , or of ability and performance . END
thus , many a UNK UNK for a career in architecture , drama , or journalism , UNK himself to a real estate business ; ; END
many a UNK student who dreams of the UNK decides to enter his father's advertising agency ; ; END
and many a hopeful incipient business executive decides it were better to teach the theory of business administration than to practice it . END
the old ideal of the independent entrepreneur is extant -- but so is the recognition that the main chance may be in a corporate bureaucracy . END
in their views on dating , UNK , sex , and family life , our students prefer what they are expected to prefer . END
for them , in the grim words of a UNK song , love and marriage go together like a horse and carriage . END
their expressed standards concerning sex roles , desirable age for marriage , characteristics of an ideal mate , number of children desired are UNK with the values and UNK of the preceding generation -- minus compulsive rebellion . END
they even accept the `` double standard '' of sex morality in a double sense , i.e. , both sexes agree that standards for men differ from standards for women , and women apply to both sexes a standard different from that held by men . END
`` conservatism '' and `` UNK '' seem implied by what has just been said . END
but these terms are treacherous . END
in the field of political values , it is certainly true that students are not radical , not rebels against their parents or their peers . END
and as they go through college , the students tend to bring their political position in line with that prevalent in the social groups to which they belong . END
yet they have accepted most of the extant `` welfare state '' provisions for health , security , and the regulation of economic affairs , and they overwhelmingly approve of the traditional `` liberalism '' of the bill of rights . END
when their faith in civil liberties is tested against strong pressures of social UNK in specific issues , e.g. , suppression of `` dangerous ideas '' , many UNK and give in . END
the students who are most willing to UNK in the suppression of civil liberties are also those who are most likely to be prejudiced against minority groups , to be UNK and UNK in general social attitudes , and to lack a basic faith in people . END
as one looks at the existing evidence , one finds a correlation , although only a slight one , between high grades and `` UNK '' values . END
but the correlation is substantial only among UNK . END
in other words , as students go through college , those who are most successful academically tend to become more committed to a `` bill of rights '' orientation . END
college in gross -- just the general experience -- may have varying effects , but the students who are successful emerge with strengthened and clarified democratic values . END
this finding is consistent also with the fact that student leaders are more likely to be supporters of the values implicit in civil liberties than the other students . END
there is now substantial evidence from several major studies of college students that the experience of the college years results in a certain , selective UNK of attitudes and values . END
detached from their prior UNK and social groups and exposed to the pervasive stimuli of the university milieu , the students tend to UNK a new common culture , to UNK toward norms characteristic of their own particular campus . END
furthermore , in certain respects , there are norms common to colleges and universities across the country . END
for instance , UNK people consistently show up in study after study as more often than others supporters of the bill of rights and other democratic rights and liberties . END
the interesting thing in this connection is that the norms upon which students tend to UNK include UNK of diversity . END
to the extent that our sampling of the UNK of american college students in the years 1950 and 1952 may be representative of our culture -- and still valid in 1959 -- we are disposed to question the summary characterization of the current generation as silent , beat , UNK , or as a mass of UNK UNK who are guided solely by social radar without benefit of inner UNK . END
our data indicate that these students of today do basically accept the existing institutions of the society , and , in the face of the realities of complex and large-scale economic and political problems , make a wary and ambivalent delegation of trust to those who occupy positions of UNK responsibility for coping with such collective concerns . END
in a real sense they are UNK conservative , but their conservatism UNK a UNK embodiment of the original `` radicalism '' of 1776 . END
although we have no measures of its strength or intensity , the heritage of the doctrine of UNK rights is retained . END
as they move through the college years our young men and women are `` UNK '' into a broadly similar culture , at the level of personal behavior . END
in this sense also , they are surely UNK . END
it is even true that some among them use the sheer fact of conformity -- `` everyone does it '' -- as a criterion for conduct . END
but the extent of ethical UNK is easily UNK . END
few students are really so UNK in the UNK crowd of the swelling population in our institutions of higher learning . END
and it may be well to recall that to say `` conformity '' is , in part , another way of saying `` orderly human society '' . END
in the field of religious beliefs and values , the college students seem to faithfully reflect the surrounding culture . END
their commitments are , for the most part , UNK in a familiar idiom . END
students testify to a felt need for a religious faith or ultimate personal philosophy . END
UNK UNK or UNK are so rare as to be a curiosity . END
the religious quest is often intense and deep , and there are students on every campus who are seriously UNK with the most profound questions of meaning and value . END
at the same time , a major proportion of these young men and women see religion as a means of personal adjustment , an anchor for family life , a source of emotional security . END
these personal and social goals often UNK the goals of intellectual clarity , and spiritual UNK . END
the `` cult of adjustment '' does exist . END
it exists alongside the acceptance of traditional forms of organized religion ( church , ordained personnel , ritual , dogma ) . END
still another segment of the student population consists of those who seek , in what they regard as religion , intellectual clarity , rational belief , and ethical guidance and UNK . END
our first impression of the data was that the students were surprisingly orthodox and religiously involved . END
upon second thought we were forced to realize that we have very few reliable historical UNK against which we might compare the present situation , and that conclusions that present-day students are `` more '' or `` less '' religious could not be defended on the basis of our data . END
as we looked more intently at the content of our belief and the extent of religious participation , we received the impression that many of the religious convictions expressed represented a conventional acceptance , of low intensity . END
but , here again , comparative UNK are lacking , and we do not know , in any case , what measure of UNK and intensity to expect from healthy , young , secure and relatively inexperienced persons ; ; END
after all , feelings of immortality and UNK are standard illusions of youth . END
nor are optimistic and UNK themes at all rare in the distinctive religious history of this country . END
UNK recently has summarized evidence regarding changes in values during a period of years , primarily UNK , but extending much farther back in some instances . END
a variety of data are assembled to bear upon such alleged changes as diminished puritan morality , UNK ethic , individualism , achievement , lessened emphasis on UNK orientation in favor of UNK , moral UNK , consideration and tolerance , conformity , UNK UNK orientation . END
although he questions the extent and nature of the alleged revival of religion and the alleged increase in conformity , and thinks that `` UNK '' UNK orientation does not have the meaning usually attributed to it , he does conclude that americans increasingly enjoy leisure without guilt , do not stress achievement so much as formerly , are more accepting of group harmony as a goal , more tolerant of diversity and aware of other cultures . END
from new jersey , morgan hastened to the headquarters of washington at UNK , pennsylvania , arriving there on november 18th . END
there was much sickness in the corps , and the men were , in addition , without the clothing , shoes , and blankets needed for the winter weather . END
morgan himself had UNK again . END
even on his tough constitution , the exposure and strenuous activity were beginning to tell in earnest . END
on the morning of november 17th , UNK and 2,000 men had left philadelphia with the object of UNK fort mercer at red bank , new jersey . END
in order to prevent this , washington hastened to dispatch several units to reinforce the fort , including a force under the marquis de lafayette containing some 160 of morgan's riflemen , all who were fit for duty at this time , the rest having no shoes . END
although the fort was UNK in the face of the force of UNK , morgan and his men did have a chance to take another swing at the redcoats . END
a picket guard of about 350 , mostly UNK , were attacked by the americans under lafayette , and driven back to their camp , some twenty to thirty of them falling before the UNK fire . END
`` i never saw men '' , lafayette declared in regard to the riflemen , `` so merry , so spirited , and so UNK to go on to the enemy , whatever force they might have , as that small party in this fight '' . END
UNK greene told washington that `` lafayette was UNK with the spirited behavior of the militia and riflemen '' . END
a few days later it was learned that general howe was planning an attack upon the american camp . END
the british general moved his forces north from philadelphia to chestnut hill , near the right wing of the patriot UNK . END
here the pennsylvania militia UNK with the british , but soon fled . END
morgan was ordered to attack the enemy , who had meantime moved to edge hill on the left of the americans . END
similar orders were given to the maryland militia . END
morgan immediately disposed his troops for action and found he had not long to wait . END
a body of redcoats were seen marching down a nearby slope , a UNK target for the riflemen , who threw a volley into their ranks and `` UNK up '' the smart formation considerably . END
now the riflemen and the UNK followed up their beginning and closed in on the british , giving them another telling round of fire . END
the redcoats ran like rabbits . END
but the maryland militia had likewise fled , all too typical of this type of soldier during the revolution , an experience which gave morgan little confidence in militia in general , as he watched other instances of their breaking in hot engagements . END
the british , although suffering considerable losses , noted the UNK of the UNK , made a stand , then turned and attacked morgan who became greatly UNK and had to retire . END
the americans lost forty-four men , among them major joseph morris of morgan's regiment , an officer who was regarded with high esteem and affection , not only by his commander , but by washington and lafayette as well . END
the latter was so upset on learning of the death of morris , that he wrote morgan a letter , showing his own UNK generosity . END
after UNK morgan and the riflemen and saying he was UNK them to congress , too , the ardent frenchman added he felt that congress should make some financial UNK to the widow and family of morris , but that he knew morgan realized how long such action usually required , if it was done at all . END
`` as mrs. morris may be in some want before that time '' , lafayette continued , `` i am going to trouble you with a commission which i beg you will execute with the greatest secrecy . END
if she wanted to borrow any sum of money in expecting the arrangements of congress , it would not become a stranger , unknown to her , to offer himself for that purpose . END
but you could ( as from yourself ) tell her that you had friends who , being with the army , don't know what to do with their money and would willingly let her have one or many thousand dollars '' . END
this was accordingly done , and the plight of the grateful mrs. morris was much relieved as a result of the generous loan , the amount of which is not known . END
apparently still sensitive about the idea with which general gates had approached him at saratoga , namely , that george washington be replaced , morgan was UNK in his support of the commander-in-chief during the campaign around philadelphia . END
richard peters , secretary of the board of war , thought morgan was so extreme on the subject that he accused him of trying to pick a quarrel . END
morgan UNK denied this and informed the board of war that the men in camp linked the name of peters with the plot against washington . END
peters insisted that this impression was a great misunderstanding , and evidently , from the quarrel , obtained an unfavorable impression of morgan's judgment . END
such a situation regarding the board of war could hardly have helped morgan's chances for promotion when that matter came before the group later on . END
in late december , the american army moved from UNK to valley forge , and although the distance was only 13 miles , the journey took more than a week because of the bad weather , the UNK and almost naked men . END
the position of the new camp was admirably selected and well fortified , its easily UNK nature being one good reason why howe did not attack it . END
besides helping to prevent the movement of the british to the west , valley forge also obstructed the trade between UNK forces and the farmers , thus threatening the vital subsistence of the redcoats and rendering their UNK to obtain necessary supplies extremely hazardous . END
in order to see that this UNK situation remained effective , washington detached several bodies of his troops to the periphery of the philadelphia area . END
morgan and his corps were placed on the west side of the schuylkill river , with instructions to intercept all supplies found going to the city and to keep a close eye on the movements of the enemy . END
the headquarters of morgan was on a farm , said to have been particularly well located so as to prevent the farmers nearby from trading with the british , a practice all too common to those who preferred to sell their produce for british gold rather than the virtually UNK continental currency . END
in his dealings with UNK , however , morgan was typically firm but just . END
for example , he captured some persons from york county , who with teams were taking to philadelphia the furniture of a man who had just been released from prison through the efforts of his wife , and who apparently was helpless to prevent the theft of his household goods . END
morgan took charge of the furniture and restored it to its thankful owners , but he let the UNK who had stolen it go free . END
morgan complained to washington about the men detailed to him for UNK duty , most of them he said being useless . END
`` they UNK at such a rate '' , he told the commander-in-chief , `` that if the enemy were enterprising , they might get two from us , when we would take one of them , which makes me wish general howe would go on , lest any incident happen to us '' . END
if the hardships of the winter at valley forge were trying for healthy men , they were , of course , much more so for those not in good health . END
daniel morgan's UNK condition UNK with the increase of the cold and damp weather . END
he had UNK the elements and the enemy , but the strain , aided by the winter , was catching up with him at last . END
also , he was now UNK years old . END
the mild activity of his command during the sojourn of the troops at valley forge could be handled by a subordinate , he felt , so like henry knox , equally loyal to washington , who went to boston at this time , morgan received permission to visit his home in virginia for several weeks . END
in his absence , the rifle regiment was under the command of major thomas UNK , another able virginian . END
but morgan did not leave before he had written a letter to a william UNK in salem , massachusetts , apparently an acquaintance , UNK washington and saying that the UNK UNK about him were `` opposed by the general current of the people to UNK general gates at the expense of general washington was UNK to the latter . END
if there be a disinterested patriot in america , UNK general washington , and his bravery , none can question '' . END
it is doubtful if morgan was able to take home much money to his wife and children , for his pay , as shown by the war department abstracts of early UNK was $75 a month as a colonel , and that apt to be delayed . END
he was shown a warm welcome regardless , and spent the time in winchester UNK from his ailment , enjoying his family and arranging his private affairs which were , of course , run down . END
his neighbors celebrated his return , even if it was only temporary , and morgan was especially gratified by the quaint expression of an elderly friend , isaac lane , who told him , `` a man that has so often left all that is dear to him , as thou UNK , to serve thy country , must create a sympathetic feeling in every patriotic heart '' . END
there must have been special feelings of joy and patriotism in the heart of daniel morgan too , when the news was received on april 30th of the recognition by france of the independence of the united states . END
his fellow virginian , george washington , had stated , `` i believe no event was ever received with more UNK joy '' . END
the dreary camp at valley forge was turned into an arena of rejoicing . END
even the dignified washington indulged in a game of UNK with some children . END
his soldiers on the whole did not celebrate so mildly . END
on may 6th , morgan , who had returned , received from washington orders to `` send out UNK under UNK officers '' to keep near the enemy . END
`` the reason for this '' , the orders said , `` is that the enemy may think to take advantage of the celebration of this day . END
the troops must have more than the common quantity of liquor , and perhaps there will be some little drunkenness among them '' . END
apparently no serious disorders resulted from the celebration , and within a few days , morgan joined the force of lafayette who now had command of some 2,000 men at barren hill , not far above philadelphia on the schuylkill . END
the frenchman had been ordered to approach the enemy's lines , UNK them and get intelligence of their movements . END
UNK enough , the order transmitted to morgan through alexander hamilton also informed him that `` a party of indians will join the party to be sent from your command at UNK , and act with them '' . END
these were UNK indians . END
washington evidently was anxious for morgan to be cautious as well as aggressive , for on may 17th , 18th and 20th he UNK the leader of the UNK to be on the alert . END
obviously the commander-in-chief had confidence that morgan would furnish him good intelligence too , for on the UNK of may , he told morgan that the british were prepared to move , perhaps in the night , and asked morgan to have two of his best horses ready to dispatch to general smallwood with the intelligence obtained . END
meantime , however , this same general smallwood seemed to be serving UNK as well as the american army . END
colonel benjamin ford wrote to morgan from wilmington that he understood a mrs. UNK from maryland had obtained permission from smallwood to visit philadelphia , and would return on may UNK , escorted by several officers from maryland `` belonging to the new UNK in the british service '' . END
ford urged morgan to capture these men , who , he thought , might be disguised as quakers or peasants . END
morgan took the suggested steps , but when mrs. UNK appeared , there was nobody with her but her husband , whom he promptly sent to headquarters to be questioned . END
but morgan evidently reported matters of intelligence much more important to his commanding general . END
a letter of a few days later from washington's aide to morgan stated , `` his UNK is highly pleased with your conduct upon this occasion '' . END
for by now the original cause of the quarrel , UNK seizure of UNK , was only one strand in the UNK web of french interests that UNK all western europe and that had been so well and closely spun that the UNK movement could set it trembling from one end to the other . END
even so , edward's ambassadors can scarcely have foreseen that five years of UNK work lay ahead of them before peace was finally made and that when it did come the countless embassies that left england for rome during that period had very little to do with it . END
it is hard not to lay most of the blame for their failures on the pope . END
UNK is hardly an impartial witness , and even he did not make his charges against boniface until the latter was dead , but there is some truth in what he said and more in what he did not say . END
it was not merely a hunger for `` money , gold and precious objects '' that delayed the papal UNK that could have brought the war to an end ; ; END
the pope was playing a dangerous game , with so many balls in the air at once that a UNK would bring them all about his ears , and his only hope was to UNK so that he could take advantage of every change in the delicate balance of european affairs . END
when the negotiations began , his quarrel with the king of france was temporarily in UNK , and he had no intention of UNK it so long as there was hope that french money would come to pay the troops who , under charles of UNK , the papal vicar of UNK , were so valuable in the crusade against the UNK cardinals and their UNK allies . END
if his UNK in regard to UNK sensibilities went so far that he even refused to grant a UNK for the marriage of UNK daughter , UNK , to the son of the UNK of UNK -- a truly UNK move according to UNK ideas , for savoy and UNK were as usual fighting on opposite sides -- for fear that he might seem to be favoring the UNK coalition , he would certainly never take the far more drastic step of ordering the return of UNK to edward , even though , as he admitted to the english ambassadors , he had been advised that the original UNK was invalid . END
on the other hand , he did not want to offend edward either , and he found himself in a very difficult position . END
on the surface , the whole question was purely feudal . END
the french were now occupying UNK and UNK on the technical grounds that their rulers had UNK them by a breach of the feudal contract . END
but edward was UNK scotland for precisely the same reason , and his UNK UNK was the ally of the king of france . END
boniface had to uphold the sacredness of the feudal contract at all costs , for it was only as UNK of UNK and of the UNK of peter that he had any justification for his italian wars , but in the UNK triangle it was almost impossible for him to recognize the claims of any one of the contestants without seeming to UNK those of the other two . END
because of these UNK in the matter at stake , boniface lacked the UNK that is supposed to be an essential qualification for the position of arbiter , and in UNK that would seem to be sufficient reason why the english embassies to the UNK proved so fruitless . END
but when the situation was so complicated that even UNK , one of the principal actors in the drama , could UNK the UNK motives , it is possible that othon and his companions , equally baffled , attributed their difficulties to a more immediate cause . END
this was UNK monumental UNK . END
`` tact '' , by its very derivation , implies that its UNK keeps in touch with other people , but the author of UNK UNK and UNK UNK , the UNK of the two swords , the papal sun of which the imperial moon was but a dim reflection , the peer of caesar and UNK of christ , was so high above other human beings that he had forgotten what they were like . END
he was a learned and brilliant man , one of the best jurists in europe and with flashes of penetrating insight , and yet in his dealings with other people , particularly when he tried to be ingratiating , he was capable of an UNK stupidity that can have come only from a complete UNK of human nature and human motives . END
this lofty disregard for others was not shared by such men as pierre UNK and his associates , that `` brilliant group of mediocre men '' , as UNK calls them , who provided the brains for the french embassy that came to rome under the nominal leadership of the archbishop of UNK , the duke of burgundy , and the count of UNK . END
they had risen from humble beginnings by their own UNK and UNK , they were unfettered by the codes that bound UNK like othon or even the older generation of clerks like UNK , and they were working for an end that their opponents had never even UNK . END
boniface was later to explain to the english that robert of burgundy and guy de UNK were easy enough to do business with ; ; END
it was the clerks who caused the mischief and who made him say that the ruling passion of their race was UNK and that in dealing with them he never knew whether he had to do with a frenchman or with a devil . END
to the pope , head of the universal church , to the duke of burgundy , taking full advantage of his position on the borders of france and of the empire , or to othon , who found it quite natural that he should do UNK to edward for UNK and to the count of savoy for grandson , UNK outspoken nationalism was completely UNK . END
and yet he made no pretense about it ; ; END
when the pope , trying no doubt to appeal to his better nature , said to him , `` you have already taken UNK . END
do you want to drive the king of england from all his overseas possessions '' ? ? END
the UNK answer was a UNK `` UNK UNK UNK '' . END
loyal and unscrupulous , with a UNK ambition to which he devoted all his energies , he UNK the english diplomats time and time again until , by a kind of poetic justice , he fell at the battle of UNK , the victim of the equally nationalistic if less articulate UNK . END
the english , relying on a prejudiced arbiter and confronted with superior diplomatic skill , were also UNK in their negotiations by the events that were taking place at home . END
the scots had found a new leader in william wallace , and edward's yearly expeditions across the border called for UNK taxes , which only increased his difficulties with the UNK and the clergy . END
he was unable to send any more help to his allies on the continent , and during the next few years many of them , left to resist french pressure unaided , surrendered to the inevitable and made their peace with philip . END
the defeat and death of adolf of nassau at the hands of albert of UNK also worked to the disadvantage of the english , for all the efforts to revive the UNK coalition came to nothing when philip made an alliance with the new king of the romans . END
these shifts in alliance and allegiance not only increased the difficulties confronting the english embassy as a whole , but also directly involved the two UNK , amadee and othon . END
in spite of the armistice negotiated by amadee two years earlier , the war between bishop UNK of UNK and louis of savoy was still going on , and although little is known about it , that little proves that it was yet another phase of the struggle against french expansion and was closely interwoven with the larger conflict . END
a second truce had been UNK in april , UNK , by jean UNK , lord of UNK , the most UNK of edward's UNK allies , and these last were represented in the discussions at the UNK by UNK de UNK , UNK neighbor and a member of the UNK coalition . END
but although in many of these discussions othon and amadee might have been tempted to consider their own interests as well as those of the king , edward's confidence in them was so absolute that they were made the acknowledged leaders of the embassy . END
amadee may have owed this partly to his relationship with the king , but othon , who at sixty seems still to have been a simple knight , merited his position solely by his own character and ability . END
the younger men , UNK , and UNK , who was also edward's cousin and whose UNK blood gave him the swarthy complexion that caused edward of UNK UNK friend , piers UNK , to nickname him `` joseph the jew '' , were relatively new to the game of diplomacy , but UNK had been on missions to rome before , and UNK , a man of great learning , `` UNK in speech , agreeable to meet , of honest religion , and pleasing in the eyes of all '' , and an archbishop to boot , was as reliable and experienced as othon himself . END
but all the reports of this first embassy show that the two UNK were the heads of it , for they were the only ones who were UNK to swear for the king that he would abide by the UNK decision and who were allowed to appoint deputies in the event that one was UNK absent . END
this also gave them the unpleasant duty of being spokesmen for the mission , and they could UNK that that would not be easy . END
underneath all the UNK phrases of royal and papal letters and behind the more down-to-earth instructions to the UNK was the inescapable fact that edward would have to desert his flemish allies and leave them to the vengeance of their indignant UNK , the king of france , in return for being given an equally free hand with the UNK scots . END
this was a doubly bitter blow to the king . END
in the eyes of those who still cared for such things , it was a reflection on his honor , and it gave further grounds for complaint to his UNK subjects , who were already UNK -- although probably not in latin -- `` non UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK sit UNK UNK '' . END
bad relations between england and UNK brought hard times to the UNK scattered over the UNK and downs as well as to the crowded flemish cities , and while the english , so far , had done no more than grumble , othon had seen what the discontent might lead to , for before he left the low countries the citizens of UNK had risen in protest against the expense of supporting edward and his troops , and the regular soldiers had found it unexpectedly difficult to put down the nasty little riot that ensued . END
in all the talk of feudal rights , the knights and bishops must never forget the UNK , nor was it easy to do so , for all along the road to italy they passed the florentine pack trains going home with their loads of raw wool from england and rough flemish cloth , the former to be spun and woven by the arte della UNK and the latter to be refined and dyed by the arte della UNK with the pigment recently discovered in asia minor by one of their members , UNK UNK , the secret of which they UNK kept for themselves . END
these UNK merchants made amusing and UNK traveling companions , for their business took them to all four corners of the globe , and florentine gossip had already reached a high stage of development as even a cursory glance at the UNK will prove . END
a northern ambassador , willing to keep his mouth shut and his ears open , could learn a lot that would stand him in good stead at the UNK . END
they had other topics of conversation , besides their news from courts and UNK , which were of interest to othon , the builder of castles in wales and churches in his native country . END
behind him lay the low countries , where men were still completing the UNK that a later florentine would describe as `` a UNK of little UNK , one on top of the other , with so many UNK and UNK and leaves that it is a wonder they stand up at all , for they look as though they were made of paper instead of stone or marble '' ; ; END
the low countries , where the middle ages were to last for another two centuries and die out only when charles the bold of burgundy met his first defeat in the fields and forests below the walls of grandson . END
it usually turned out well for him because either he liked the right people or there were only a few wrong people in the town . END
alfred wanted to UNK in my father's hotel and advance enough money to build a larger place . END
it was a very UNK offer . END
my father would have done it if it hadn't been for my mother , who had a fear of being in debt to anyone -- even alfred alpert . END
in spite of his being well liked there were a few people who were very careful about alfred . END
they had my mother's opinion of him : that he was too sharp or a little too good to be true . END
one of the people who was afraid of alfred was his own brother , UNK . END
i don't know how and i don't know why but the two stores , the one in UNK and the one in UNK that had been set up as a partnership , were dissolved , separated from each other . END
everything was all very friendly , except when it came to harry , the youngest brother . END
alfred , who was a good deal older than harry , had treated him like a son , and when harry decided to stay in business with UNK instead of going with alfred , alfred looked on the decision as a betrayal . END
from that day on he never spoke to harry or to UNK , or to UNK two boys , UNK and jimmy . END
the six miles between the towns became an ocean and the UNK became a family of strangers . END
time went on and everybody got older . END
i became fifteen , sixteen , then twenty , and still tessie alpert sat on the porch with a rose in her hair , and alfred got richer and UNK with diabetes . END
it was in the spring of the year when he took to his bed and tessie and alfred found out that they didn't know each other . END
they were like two strangers . END
the store was their marriage , and when alfred had to leave it there was nothing to hold them together . END
tessie , everybody thought , was a strong woman , but she was only strong because she had alfred to lean on . END
and when alfred was forced into his bed , tessie left the front porch of the store and sat at home , rocking in her rocker in the living room , staring out the window -- the rose still in her hair . END
tessie could do nothing for alfred . END
she couldn't cook or clean or make him comfortable . END
instead she waited for alfred to get better and take care of her . END
spring was life -- and alfred alpert in his UNK was death . END
alfred knew that , too . END
i remember him pointing out of the window and saying that he wished he could live to see another spring but that he wouldn't . END
alfred began to put his affairs in order , and he went about it like a man putting his things into storage . END
my father , who liked alfred very much , was a constant visitor . END
one day alfred told him that he had decided to leave everything to me . END
my father , a wise man , asked him not to . END
he knew alfred liked me ; ; END
if he wanted to leave me something let it be a UNK , nothing else . END
by leaving me everything he wouldn't be doing me a favor , my father told him , and he didn't want to see his daughter involved in a UNK . END
he didn't want alfred to leave me trouble because that's all it would be , and alfred understood . END
alfred was getting too sick to stay in his own home . END
the doctor wanted him in a hospital ; ; END
the nearest one was forty miles away in kingston . END
the day alfred left his home and UNK he gave up the convictions of a lifetime . END
he sent me for meltzer the butcher , whom he wanted not as a friend but as a rabbi . END
meltzer knew why i had come for him . END
solemnly he walked me back to UNK house without a word passing between us . END
he entered the house in silence , walked into UNK room , and closed the door behind him . END
i sat down to wait , and i watched tessie alpert , who hadn't moved or said a word but kept staring out of the window . END
for a few minutes there was nothing to hear . END
then UNK voice , quiet , calm , strong , started the UNK , the prayer for the dead . END
i could hear UNK voice a few words behind UNK like a counterpoint , punctuated by UNK of sorrow and resignation . END
there was a finality in the rhythm of the prayer -- it was the end of a life , the end of hope , and the wondering if there would ever be another beginning . END
meltzer stayed with alfred , and when the door opened they both came out . END
alfred was dressed for his trip to the hospital . END
the car was waiting for him . END
alfred , leaning on meltzer , stopped for a minute to look at tessie . END
she didn't turn away from the window . END
alfred nodded a little nod and went out through the door . END
outside , his brother harry was waiting for him -- he had come to say good-bye . END
alfred walked past him without a word and got into the car . END
harry ran to the side of the car where alfred was sitting and looked at him , begging him to speak . END
alfred looked straight ahead . END
the car began to move and harry ran after it crying , `` alfred ! ! END
speak to me '' . END
but the car moved off and alfred just looked straight ahead . END
harry followed the car until it reached the main road and turned towards kingston . END
he stood there watching until it had gone from his sight . END
i went to visit alfred in the kingston hospital a few times . END
the first time i went there he asked me to bring him water from UNK well -- water that reminded him of his first days in the mountains -- and before i came the next time i filled a UNK jug for him and brought it to the hospital . END
i don't think he ever got to drink any of it . END
the jug stayed at the hospital and the water -- what can happen to water ? ? END
-- it UNK , disappeared , and came back to the earth as rain -- maybe for another well or another stream or another alfred alpert . END
12 `` where is it written '' ? ? END
mr. banks was always called banks the butcher until he left town and the shop passed over to meltzer the scholar who then became automatically meltzer the butcher . END
meltzer was a UNK with the banks family . END
he came to UNK directly from the boat that brought him to america from russia . END
he was a learned man and a very gentle soul . END
he was filled with knowledge of the bible and the talmud . END
he knew the UNK and the UNK but he was weak , very weak , on the UNK . END
banks the butcher took meltzer the scholar as an apprentice and he made it very clear that a man of learning must be able to do more than just quote the UNK of the talmud in order to live . END
so meltzer learned a new trade from banks , who supplied the town and the hotels with meat . END
banks had a family -- a wife , a daughter , and a son . END
the daughter , lilly , was a very good friend of mine and i always had hopes that someday she and meltzer would find each other . END
they lived in the same house and it didn't seem to be such a hard thing to do , but the sad realities of UNK life and the fact that meltzer didn't love her never satisfied my wishful thinking . END
banks the butcher was a hard master and a hard father , a man who didn't seem to know the difference between the living flesh of his family and the hanging UNK of his stock in trade . END
he treated both with equal indifference and with equal contempt ; ; END
perhaps he was a little more sympathetic to the sides of beef that hung silently from his UNK . END
lilly banks and i became friends . END
she was the opposite of everything she should have been -- a positive pole in a negative home , a living reaction of warmth and kindness to the harsh reality of her father . END
and UNK whole family seemed to be an UNK for mr. banks . END
her brother karl was a very gentle soul , her mother was a quiet woman who said little but who had hard , probing eyes . END
for every rude word of mr. UNK the family had five in UNK . END
every chance i got i left the hotel to visit lilly . END
i was free but she was bound to her duties that not even the coming of meltzer lightened . END
she had to clean the glass on the display cases in the butcher shop , help her brother scrub the cutting tables with wire brushes , UNK the floors , put down new UNK on the floors and help check the outgoing orders . END
when these chores were finished , only then , was she allowed whatever freedom she could find . END
i helped lilly in the store . END
to me it was a game , to her it was the deadly seriousness of life . END
i wanted to help so that we could find time to play . END
and lilly allowed me to help so that she could have her few little hours of escape . END
when the work was finished , we would walk . END
the road past the butcher shop took us along the side of a stream . END
it ran north , away from the town and the people , through woods and past the UNK of a graveyard . END
lilly preferred the loneliness of that walk . END
i would have liked the town and the UNK of its people but i always followed lilly into the peace of the silent and UNK road . END
it wasn't hard to understand . END
to me lilly was a fine and lovely girl . END
to people who didn't know her she was a UNK , badly dressed kid whose arms were too long , whose legs were a little too bony . END
she had the hips of a boy and a UNK walk that reminded me of a string of beads strolling down the street . END
and she had the kind of crossed eyes that shocked . END
it was unexpected , unexpected because lilly walked with her head bent down , down , and her mark of friendship was to look into your face . END
i accepted her crossed eyes as she accepted my childishness ; ; END
childishness compared to her grown-up understanding that life was a punishment for as yet UNK sins . END
we were almost the same age , she was fifteen , i was twelve , and where i felt there was a life to look forward to lilly felt she had had as much of it as was necessary . END
when we went for our walks UNK brother would come along every once in a while . END
karl was an almost exact copy of his father physically and it was strange to see the expected become the unexpected . END
this huge UNK played the guitar and he would take it along on our walks and play for us as we sat alone in the woods or by the stream . END
karl played well and his favorite song was a UNK lullaby . END
he spoke no german but he could sing it and the words of the song were the only ones he knew in a foreign language . END
the song , he said , was called `` the UNK lullaby '' , and when he sang , `` UNK UNK , UNK UNK , UNK die UNK UNK , '' there was such longing and such simple sadness that it frightened me . END
later , when i was older , i found the song was part of schubert's die UNK UNK . END
and even hearing it in a concert hall surrounded by hundreds of people the words and the melody would make me a little colder and i would reach out for my husband's hand . END
the brother and sister seemed to be a sort of UNK society , a little fortress of kindness for each other in a hard world . END
i felt very flattered to be included in the protection of their company even though i had nothing to be protected from . END
the turn of the century , or to be more precise , the two decades UNK and following it , marks a great change in the history of early english scholarship . END
at the bottom of this change were great strides forward in the technical equipment and technical standards of the historian . END
in archaeology , for example , the contributions of frederick UNK and UNK smith to the various volumes of the victoria county histories raised the discipline from the status of an UNK pastime to that of the most valuable single tool of the early english historian . END
and with the publication of e. t. UNK archaeology of the anglo-saxon settlements the student was presented with an organized synthesis of the archaeological data then known . END
what was true for archaeology was also true of place-name studies . END
the value of UNK in the reconstruction of early english history had long been recognized . END
UNK , in fact , had been extensively utilized for this purpose from the time of UNK UNK . END
without a precise knowledge of germanic UNK , however , it is UNK whether their use was not more often a source of confusion and error than anything else . END
even in the nineteenth century such accomplished UNK as kemble and guest were led into what now seem UNK errors because of their failure to recognize that modern forms of place names are not necessarily the result of logical UNK development . END
it was therefore not until the publication of UNK UNK `` the settlement of the south and east saxons '' , and UNK UNK `` dr. guest and the english conquest of south britain '' , that a scientific basis for place-name studies was established . END
diplomatic is another area for which the dawn of the twentieth century marks the beginning of modern standards of scholarship . END
although because of the important achievements of nineteenth century scholars in the field of UNK criticism the advance is not so striking as it was in the case of archaeology and UNK , the editorial principles laid down by stevenson in his great edition of UNK and in his UNK charters were a distinct improvement upon those of his predecessors and remain UNK upon today . END
in sum , it can be said that the techniques and standards of present day have their origin at the turn of the century . END
and it is this , particularly the establishment of archaeology and place-name studies on a scientific basis , which are immediately pertinent to the saxon shore . END
almost inevitably , the first result of this technological revolution was a reaction against the methods and in many cases the conclusions of the oxford school of UNK , freeman and ( particularly ) green regarding the nature of the anglo-saxon conquest of britain . END
even before the century was out the tide of reaction had set in . END
charles UNK in the introduction and notes to his splendid edition of UNK voiced some early doubts concerning the `` elaborate UNK '' they raised up over the slim foundations afforded by the traditional UNK of the conquest . END
it was UNK , in fact , who UNK the much quoted remark : `` mr. green indeed writes as if he had been present at the landing of the saxons and had watched every step of their subsequent progress '' . END
sir henry UNK , writing in 1898 , put himself firmly in the UNK tradition by attacking the UNK of the west saxon annals . END
early in the present century , w. h. stevenson continued the attack with a savage article against guest . END
following him in varying degrees of scepticism were UNK shore , UNK UNK , thomas UNK and f. g. UNK . END
by 1913 , UNK lot could begin an article UNK `` la UNK de la UNK par UNK saxons '' with the words , `` UNK UNK UNK UNK UNK des illusions UNK la UNK du UNK UNK de la UNK de la UNK . END
'' it is also worthy of note that lot cited both kemble and lappenberg with favor in that article . END
it would seem that the wheel had turned full circle . END
in fact , modern scholarly opinion in the main has not retreated all the way back to the destructive scepticism of the first half of the nineteenth century . END
although one meets with occasional extremists like UNK or , very recently , arthur wade-evans the majority of scholars have taken a middle position between the extremes of scepticism and UNK . END
most now admit that UNK , UNK , UNK and the anglo-saxon UNK cannot be the UNK guides to early english history that guest , freeman and green thought them to be . END
as UNK UNK has remarked : `` the critical methods of the nineteenth century shattered most of this picturesque narrative . END
on the other hand , the consensus of opinion is that , used with caution and in conjunction with other types of evidence , the native sources still provide a valid rough outline for the english settlement of southern britain . END
as sir charles UNK once said , `` it is no longer fashionable to declare that we can say nothing certain about old english origins '' . END
therefore , in one way kemble and lappenberg have been UNK . END
their conclusions concerning the UNK of the west saxon annals , the confused chronology of UNK , the UNK of the early positions of the anglo-saxon UNK and the mythological elements contained in UNK are now mostly accepted . END
nevertheless , in another way modern historians still labor in the UNK of the oxford school . END
for it is their catastrophic concept of the anglo-saxon invasions rather than UNK UNK approach which dominates the field . END
despite the rejection of the traditional accounts on many points of detail , as late as 1948 it was still possible to UNK a massive and comparatively sudden ( beginning in UNK 450 ) UNK of germans as the type of invasions . END
at this point , of course , the issue has become complicated by a development UNK by lappenberg and kemble . END
they , however much they were in disagreement with the late UNK over the method by which britain was UNK , agreed with them that the end result was the complete UNK of the previous celtic population and civilization . END
but beginning , for all practical purposes , with frederick UNK english village community scholars have had to reckon with a theory involving institutional and agrarian continuity between roman and anglo-saxon times which is completely at odds with the UNK concept of the anglo-saxon invasions . END
against seebohm formidable foes have taken the field , notably f. w. UNK , whose UNK book and beyond was written UNK for this purpose , and sir paul UNK whose the growth of the manor had a similar aim . END
largely due to their efforts the catastrophic UNK has maintained its position although seebohm has always found supporters . END
UNK gray in his english field systems and UNK romans , UNK and saxons defended in part the seebohm thesis while at the present time UNK UNK and gordon UNK seem to fall into the celtic UNK camp . END
this is nevertheless a minority view . END
most scholars , while willing to accept a survival ( revival ? ? END
) of celtic art forms and a considerable proportion of the celtic population , reject any institutional legacy from UNK britain . END
therefore , it is plain that the clear distinctions of the nineteenth century are no longer with us . END
in the main stream of historical thinking is a group of scholars , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , sir frank UNK et UNK who are in varying degrees UNK of the native traditions of the conquest but who defend the catastrophic type of invasion suggested by them . END
they , in effect , have UNK the opposing positions of the nineteenth century . END
on the other side are the celtic UNK who have taken a tack divergent from both these schools of nineteenth century thought . END
as a group they should be favorable to a concept of gradual germanic infiltration although the specialist nature of much of their work , e.g. seebohm , gray and UNK , tends to obscure their sympathies . END
those who do have occasion to deal with the invasions in a more general way , like UNK shore and arthur wade-evans , are on the side of a gradual and often peaceful germanic penetration into britain . END
wade-evans , in fact , denies that there were any anglo-saxon invasions at all other than a minor UNK UNK in a.d. UNK . END
now omitting for a moment some recent developments we can say the saxon shore hypothesis of lappenberg and kemble has undergone virtual UNK in this century . END
it is no longer possible to say that a UNK attitude towards the received accounts of the invasions almost automatically produces a `` shore occupied by '' interpretation . END
everyone is more or less UNK and virtually no one has been willing to accept lappenberg or UNK position on that point . END
one reason is , of course , that the new scepticism has been willing to maintain the general picture of the invasions as portrayed in the traditional sources . END
the few scholars who have adopted the `` shore occupied by '' interpretation , UNK , shore , and wade-evans , have all been celtic UNK . END
moreover , they have done so in rather special circumstances . END
the primary reason for the abandonment of the `` shore occupied by '' thesis has been the assimilation and accumulation of archaeological evidence , the most striking feature of early english studies in this century . END
again omitting recent developments , UNK UNK dictum of 1913 has stood UNK : `` so far as archaeology is concerned , there is not the least warrant for the second ( shore occupied by ) of these theories '' . END
even earlier UNK had come to the same conclusion . END
what they meant was that there was no evidence to show that the south and east coasts of britain received germanic settlers conspicuously earlier than some other parts of england . END
that is , there was no trace of UNK in britain as early as the late third century , to which time the archaeological evidence for the erection of the saxon shore forts was beginning to point . END
in the face of a clear judgment from archaeology , therefore , it became impossible for a time for scholars to UNK the `` shore settled by '' theory . END
in recent years , however , a wind of change seems to be blowing through early english historical circles . END
the great increase in the amount of archaeological activity , and therefore information , in the years immediately UNK and following the second world war has brought to light data which has changed the UNK of the saxon shore dispute . END
where there were none fifteen years ago , several scholars currently are edging their way cautiously towards the acceptance of the `` shore occupied by '' position . END
we must , therefore , have a look at the new archaeological material and re-examine the literary and place-name evidence which bears upon the problem . END
what exactly are we trying to prove ? ? END
we know that the saxon shore was a UNK of late roman defensive policy ; ; END
in other words its existence belongs to the period of roman britain . END
so whenever the romans finally withdrew from the island , the saxon shore disappeared in the first decade of the fifth century . END
we also know that the saxon shore as reflected in the UNK was created as a part of the UNK reorganization of britain ( post a.d. UNK ) . END
my argument is that there was no saxon shore prior to that time even though the forts had been in existence since the time of UNK . END
therefore , what we must prove or UNK is that there were saxons , in the broad sense in which we must UNK the word , in the area of the saxon shore at the time it was called the saxon shore . END
that is , we must find saxons in east UNK , kent , UNK and hampshire in the last half of the fourth century . END
the problem , in other words , is strictly a chronological one . END
in UNK the saxon element on its saxon shore was plainly visible because there the saxons were an UNK element in the population . END
in britain , obviously , the archaeological and place-name characteristics of the saxon shore region are bound to be saxon . END
it is a matter of trying to sort out an earlier UNK saxon element from the later , UNK UNK of anglo-saxon invasions . END
this , naturally , will be difficult to do since both the archaeological and place-name evidence in this period , with some fortunate exceptions , is insufficient for precise chronological purposes . END
it might be well to consider the literary evidence first because it can provide us with an answer to one important question ; ; END
namely , is the idea that there were saxon mercenaries in england at all reasonable ? ? END
to do so , something was necessary beyond UNK because there was little glamour or romance in the european war ; ; END
it meant instead hardship , dirt , and death . END
baker gave leonard wood credit for the initiation of the draft of soldiers ; ; END
from the general's idea a chain reaction occurred . END
wood took the proposal to chief of staff hugh l. scott , who passed it on to baker a month before the actual declaration of war against germany . END
the secretary of war gave his assent after studying the history of the draft in the american civil war as well as the british volunteer system in world war 1 . END
he concluded that selective service would not only prevent the UNK of essential war industries but would avoid the undesirable moral effects of the british reliance on UNK only -- `` where the feeling of the people was whipped into a frenzy by girls UNK white feathers on reluctant young men , UNK preaching hate of the germans , and newspapers exaggerating enemy UNK to make men enlist out of motives of revenge and retaliation '' . END
baker took the plan to wilson who said : `` baker , this is plainly right on any ground . END
start to prepare the necessary legislation so that if i am obliged to go to congress the bills will be ready for immediate consideration '' . END
the result was that by secret agreement draft machinery was actually ready long before the country knew that the device was to take the place of the UNK method which theodore roosevelt favored . END
before the draft act was passed baker had confidentially UNK governors , UNK , and prospective draft board members on the administration of the measure -- and the confidence was kept so well that only one newspaper learned what was going on . END
it was baker , working through UNK marshal UNK UNK and major hugh s. ( `` old UNK '' ) johnson , who arranged for a secret printing by the million of selective service UNK -- again before the act was passed -- until UNK in the government printing office were full and the basement of the washington post office was stacked to the ceiling . END
general UNK proposed that regular army officers select the UNK in cities and towns throughout the nation ; ; END
it was baker who thought of lessening the shock , which UNK always brings to a country , by substituting `` greetings from your neighbors '' for the recruiting sergeant , and registration in familiar voting places rather than at military installations . END
even so , the draft act encountered rough UNK in its progress through the congress . END
democratic speaker UNK clark saw little difference between a UNK and a convict . END
democrat stanley h. UNK , chairman of the house military affairs committee , declined to introduce the bill . END
democratic floor leader claude UNK would have no part of the measure . END
in the judgment of chief of staff scott it was ironic that the draft policy of a democratic president , aimed at germany , had to be pushed through the house of representatives by the ranking minority member of the military affairs committee -- a republican jew born in germany ! ! END
he was julius UNK for whom the chief of staff thought no honor could be too great . END
after UNK death in 1924 scott wrote : `` may he rest in peace with the eternal gratitude of his adopted country '' . END
in spite of powerful opposition the draft act finally passed congress on may 17 , 1917 . END
in early june ten million young men registered by name and number . END
the day passed without incident in spite of the warning of senator james a. reed of missouri : `` baker , you will have the streets of our american cities running with blood on registration day '' . END
on july 20 , the first drawing of numbers occurred in the senate office building before a distinguished group of congressmen and high army officers . END
secretary of war baker , UNK , put his hand into a large glass bowl and drew the initial number of those to be called . END
a man in mississippi wired : `` thanks for drawing UNK -- that's me '' . END
he was the first of UNK called to the army through the selective service system . END
it was one thing to call men to the colors ; ; END
it was another to house , feed , and train them . END
the existing army posts were wholly inadequate . END
in a matter of months the war department built UNK camps , each one UNK fifty thousand men -- sixteen were under canvas in the south and sixteen with frame structures in the north . END
it was a UNK task ; ; END
a typical UNK in the north had twelve hundred buildings , an UNK system , and twenty-five miles of roads . END
at camp taylor in kentucky a UNK was built in an hour and a half from timber that had been standing in mississippi forests one week before . END
the total operation was a construction project comparable in magnitude with the panama UNK , but in 1917 time was in short supply ; ; END
in three months the army spent three-quarters as much as had been expended on the `` big ditch '' in ten years . END
in later years UNK UNK was to claim that world war 1 , was the first in american history in which there was great concern for both the health and morals of our soldiers . END
it was the first american war in which the death rate from disease was lower than that from battle , due to the provision of trained medical personnel ( of the 200,000 officers , UNK were physicians ) , compulsory UNK , rigorous camp sanitation , and adequate hospital facilities . END
to the middle of september UNK , there had been fewer than 10,000 deaths from disease in the new army . END
this enviable record would have been maintained but for a great and unexpected disaster which struck the world with murderous stealth . END
it was the UNK UNK of UNK . END
the UNK was popularly known as the `` spanish flu '' from the alleged UNK of its origin . END
the world-wide total of deaths from `` spanish flu '' was around twenty million ; ; END
in the united states 300,000 succumbed to it . END
in UNK UNK , the UNK UNK swept through every american military camp ; ; END
during the UNK UNK attack 25,000 soldiers died from the disease and the death rate ( formerly 5 per year per 1,000 men ) increased almost fifty times to 4 per week per 1,000 men . END
in spite of this catastrophe the final mortality figure from disease in the american army during world war 1 , was 15 per 1,000 per year , contrasted with 110 per 1,000 per year in the mexican war , and 65 in the american civil war . END
both secretary of war baker and secretary of navy UNK devoted much time and effort to the problem of providing reasonably normal and wholesome activities in camp for the millions of men who had been removed from their home environment . END
their policy ran counter to the traditional idea that a good fighter was usually a UNK , and that in sex affairs `` UNK passion '' was a proof of UNK . END
baker moved first ; ; END
six days after war was declared he appointed raymond fosdick chairman of the commission on training camp activities ( the ctca ) . END
fosdick , a brother of minister harry emerson fosdick , was a graduate of princeton , and a member of UNK UNK kappa and the american philosophical association . END
his assignment was not a new one because baker had sent him to the mexican border in 1916 to investigate UNK newspaper stories about lack of discipline , drunkenness , and UNK disease in american military camps . END
fosdick had found the installations surrounded by a battery of saloons and houses of prostitution , with UNK de UNK from all over the country UNK to san antonio , UNK , and el paso to `` woman the UNK '' . END
he also ascertained that many officers were indifferent to the problem , including commanding general frederick UNK who gave fosdick the nickname of `` reverend '' . END
on the basis of the long chronicle of military history UNK and his brethren assumed that the issue was insoluble and that anyone interested in a mission like UNK was an impractical idealist or a UNK . END
during the brief mexican venture UNK report to the secretary recommended a definite stand by the war department against the saloon and the UNK of prostitution . END
the problem involved military necessity as much as morality , for in UNK days UNK disease was a crippling disability . END
fosdick insisted that a strong word was needed from washington , and it was immediately forthcoming . END
baker put the `` UNK '' and the saloons out of bounds , ordered the co-operation of military officers with local law authorities , and told communities that the troops would be moved unless wholesome conditions were restored . END
both baker and fosdick knew that a substitute was necessary , that a UNK approach was not the real answer . END
they were aware that soldiers went to town , in more ways than one , because of the monotony of camp life , to find the only release available in the absence of movies , reading rooms , and playing fields with adequate athletic equipment . END
both knew that when trains stopped at texan crossroads bored soldiers would sometimes enter to ask the passengers if they had any reading material to spare , even a newspaper . END
there was no time in the short mexican encounter to evolve a solution but the area provided a proving ground for new departures in the near future . END
when the united states entered the first world war baker made certain that the draft act of 1917 prohibited the sale of liquor to men in uniform and that it provided for broad UNK around the camps in which prostitution was outlawed . END
even so fosdick , as the new chairman of the commission on training camp activities , encountered strong and UNK opposition . END
new orleans had a notorious UNK district extending over twenty-eight city blocks , and the UNK mayor of the city UNK to washington to present the case for `` the UNK right of men to be men '' . END
in europe , premier UNK , showing his animal UNK as the `` tiger of france '' , asked UNK by letter for the creation of special houses where the sexual desires of american men could be satisfied . END
when fosdick showed the letter to baker his negative response was : `` for god's sake , raymond , don't show this to the president or he'll stop the war '' . END
ultimately UNK `` fit to fight '' slogan swept across the country and every well-known UNK district in the united states was closed , a hundred and ten of them . END
the result was that the rate of UNK disease in the american army was the lowest in our military history . END
this was the negative side of the situation . END
UNK baker worked on the premise that `` young men spontaneously prefer to be decent , and that opportunities for wholesome recreation are the best possible cure for irregularities in conduct which arise from UNK and the UNK temptations '' . END
the wholesome activities were to be provided by many organizations including the UNK , the knights of columbus , the jewish welfare board , the american library association , and the playground and recreation association -- private societies which voluntarily performed the job that was taken over almost entirely by the special services division of the army itself in world war 2 . END
over these voluntary agencies , in UNK , the ctca served as a UNK body in carrying out what survey called `` the most UNK piece of social work in modern times '' . END
under fosdick the first executive officer of the ctca was richard byrd , whose name in later years was to become synonymous with activities at the polar UNK . END
from the point of view of popularity the UNK member of the commission was walter camp , the yale athlete whose UNK was `` the father of american football '' . END
he was placed in charge of athletics , and among other things adapted the type of calisthenics known as the daily dozen . END
the ctca program of activities was UNK : william UNK and mary UNK on the screen , elsie UNK and harry UNK on the stage , books provided by the american library association , full equipment for games and sports -- except that no `` bones '' were furnished for the UNK favorite pastime played on any floor and known as `` african golf '' . END
the ctca distributed a UNK UNK that provided the impetus for spirited UNK of the selections found therein , plus a number of others whose lyrics were more earthy -- from `` johnny get your gun '' to `` keep the home fires burning '' to `` UNK from UNK '' . END
in the imagination of the nineteenth century the greek UNK and shakespeare stand side by side , their affinity UNK all the immense UNK of historical circumstance , religious belief , and poetic form . END
we no longer use the particular terms of UNK and victor UNK . END
but we abide by their insight . END
the word `` tragedy '' UNK for us in a single span both the greek and the elizabethan example . END
the sense of relationship UNK the historical truth that shakespeare may have known next to nothing of the actual works of aeschylus , UNK , and UNK . END
it transcends the glaring fact that the UNK mixed tragedy and comedy whereas the greeks kept the two modes severely distinct . END
it overcomes our UNK awareness of the vast difference in the shape and fabric of the two languages and styles of dramatic presentation . END
the UNK of a related spirit and ordering of human values are stronger than any sense of UNK . END
comparable visions of life are at work in UNK and UNK and UNK . END
we see at once what victor UNK means when he calls macbeth a northern UNK of the house of UNK . END
UNK seems to lie in a range of UNK , and the fate of UNK UNK in that of hamlet . END
the UNK of hell search out their quarry in UNK sanctuary as they do in the tent of richard 3 . END
oedipus and lear attain similar insights by virtue of similar blindness . END
it is not between UNK and shakespeare that the western mind turns away from the ancient tragic sense of life . END
it is after the late seventeenth century . END
i say the late seventeenth century because UNK ( whom UNK did not really know ) stands on the far side of the UNK . END
the image of man which enters into force with aeschylus is still vital in phedre and UNK . END
it is the triumph of rationalism and secular metaphysics which marks the point of no return . END
shakespeare is closer to UNK than he is to pope and voltaire . END
to say this is to set aside the UNK of time . END
but it is true , nevertheless . END
the modes of the imagination implicit in UNK tragedy continued to shape the life of the mind until the age of UNK and newton . END
it is only then that the ancient habits of feeling and the classic UNK of material and psychological experience were abandoned . END
with the UNK de la UNK and the UNK the things UNK of in UNK philosophy seem to pass from the world . END
in greek tragedy as in shakespeare , mortal actions are UNK by forces which UNK man . END
the reality of UNK entails that of the UNK ; ; END
the weird sisters wait for the soul of macbeth . END
we cannot conceive of oedipus without a UNK , nor of hamlet without a ghost . END
the shadows cast by the UNK of greek and shakespearean drama UNK into a greater darkness . END
and the entirety of the natural world is party to the action . END
the UNK over the sacred wood at UNK and the storms in king lear are caused by more than weather . END
in tragedy , lightning is a messenger . END
but it can no longer be so once benjamin franklin ( the incarnation of the new rational man ) has flown a UNK to it . END
the tragic stage is a platform extending UNK between heaven and hell . END
those who walk on it may encounter at any turn ministers of grace or UNK . END
oedipus and lear UNK us how little of the world belongs to man . END
mortality is the pacing of a brief and dangerous watch , and to all UNK , whether at UNK or on the UNK at UNK , the coming of dawn has its breath of miracle . END
it UNK the night UNK to fire or UNK . END
but at the touch of UNK and voltaire the noble or hideous UNK which had haunted the mind since UNK blood cried out for vengeance , disappeared altogether or took UNK refuge among the UNK of UNK . END
modern UNK have lost the art of UNK restless spirits back to UNK . END
in athens , in shakespeare's england , and at UNK , the UNK of worldly power were stable and manifest . END
the wheel of social life spun around the royal or aristocratic UNK . END
from it , UNK of order and degree led to the outward rim of the common man . END
tragedy UNK such a configuration . END
its sphere is that of royal courts , UNK quarrels , and UNK ambitions . END
the same UNK of swift UNK and UNK decline apply to oedipus and macbeth because they applied also to UNK and essex . END
and the fate of such men has tragic relevance because it is public . END
UNK , UNK , and UNK perform their tragic actions before the eyes of the UNK . END
similarly the sufferings of hamlet , UNK , or phedre engage the fortunes of the state . END
they are enacted at the heart of the body politic . END
hence the natural setting of tragedy is the palace gate , the public square , or the court chamber . END
greek and elizabethan life and , to a certain extent , the life of UNK shared this character of intense `` publicity '' . END
UNK and factions UNK in the open street and died on the open scaffold . END
with the rise to power of the middle class the UNK of gravity in human affairs shifted from the public to the private . END
the art of UNK and richardson is founded on an awareness of this great change . END
heretofore an action had possessed the breadth of tragedy only if it involved high UNK and if it occurred in the public view . END
behind the tragic hero stands the chorus , the crowd , or the UNK courtier . END
in the eighteenth century there emerges for the first time the notion of a private tragedy ( or nearly for the first time , there having been a small number of elizabethan domestic tragedies such as the famous UNK of UNK ) . END
in la UNK and UNK tragedy is made intimate . END
and private tragedy became the chosen ground not of drama , but of the new , unfolding art of the novel . END
the novel was not only the UNK of the new , secular , UNK , private world of the middle class . END
it served also as a literary form exactly appropriate to the UNK audience of modern urban culture . END
i have said before how difficult it is to make any precise statements with regard to the character of the greek and elizabethan public . END
but one major fact seems undeniable . END
until the advent of rational UNK the controlling habits of the western mind were symbolic and UNK . END
available evidence regarding the natural world , the course of history , and the varieties of human action were translated into imaginative designs or UNK . END
classic UNK and christianity are such UNK of the imagination . END
they order the manifold levels of reality and moral value along an axis of being which extends from brute matter to the immaculate stars . END
there had not yet UNK between understanding and expression the new languages of mathematics and scientific formulas . END
the poet was by definition a UNK , his UNK and UNK being natural organizations of reality . END
and in these organizations certain UNK notions played a radiant part , radiant both in the sense of giving light and of being a pole toward which all UNK UNK . END
i mean such concepts as the presence of the supernatural in human affairs , the UNK of grace and divine retribution , the idea of UNK ( the UNK over oedipus , the prophecy of the witches to macbeth , or god's UNK with his people in UNK ) . END
i refer to the notion that the structure of society is a UNK of the cosmic design and that history conforms to patterns of justice and UNK as if it were a morality play set in motion by the gods for our instruction . END
these conceptions and the manner in which they were transposed into poetry or engendered by poetic form are intrinsic to western life from the time of aeschylus to that of shakespeare . END
and although they were , as i have indicated , under increasing strain at the time of UNK , they are still alive in his theatre . END
they are the essential force behind the conventions of tragedy . END
they are as decisively present in the UNK and oedipus as in macbeth , king lear , and phedre . END
after the seventeenth century the audience ceased to be an organic community to which these ideas and their attendant habits of figurative language would be natural or immediately familiar . END
concepts such as grace , UNK , UNK , blasphemy , or the chain of being , which are everywhere implicit in classic and shakespearean tragedy , lose their vitality . END
they become philosophic abstractions of a private and UNK relevance , or mere UNK in religious customs which had in them a diminishing part of active belief . END
after shakespeare the master spirits of western consciousness are no longer the blind UNK , the poets , or UNK performing his art in the face of hell . END
they are UNK , newton , and voltaire . END
and their UNK are not the dramatic poets but the prose novelists . END
the romantics were the immediate UNK of this tremendous change . END
they were not yet prepared to accept it as UNK . END
UNK UNK , the UNK UNK of blake , UNK organic metaphysics , victor UNK image of the poets as the UNK , and shelley's `` UNK legislators '' are related elements in the UNK action fought by the romantics against the new scientific rationalism . END
from this action sprang the idea of somehow UNK greek and shakespearean drama into a new total form , capable of restoring to life the ancient moral and poetic responses . END
the dream of achieving a synthesis between the UNK and the shakespearean genius inspired the ambitions of poets and composers from the time of shelley and victor UNK to that of UNK . END
it could not really be fulfilled . END
the conventions into which the romantics tried to breath life no longer corresponded to the realities of thought and feeling . END
but the attempt itself produced a number of brilliant works , and these form a transition from the early romantic period to the new age of UNK and UNK . END
the wedding of the hellenic to the northern genius was one of the dominant motifs in UNK thought . END
his italian journey was a poet's version of those perennial thrusts across the UNK of the german emperors of the middle ages . END
the dream of a descent into the gardens of the south always drew german ambitions toward rome and UNK . END
UNK asks in wilhelm UNK whether we know the land where the lemon trees flower , and the light of the mediterranean UNK through UNK UNK and the roman UNK . END
UNK believed that the germanic spirit , with its grave strength but UNK streaks of brutality and UNK , should be UNK with the old UNK wisdom and humanism of the hellenic . END
on the narrower ground of poetic form , he felt that in the drama of the future the greek conception of tragic fate should be joined to the shakespearean vision of tragic will . END
the UNK between god and UNK brings on the destiny of faust , but faust assumes his role voluntarily . END
the third act of faust 2 , is a formal celebration of the union between the germanic and the classic , between the spirit of UNK and that of romantic drama . END
the motif of UNK love for helen of UNK goes back to the sources of the UNK legend . END
it tells us of the ancient human desire to see the highest wisdom joined to the highest sensual beauty . END
there can be no greater magic than to UNK from death her in whom the flesh was all , in whom beauty was entirely pure because it was entirely corruptible . END
it is thus that the brightness of helen passes through UNK UNK . END
UNK used the UNK to more elaborate ends . END
faust UNK helen from UNK vengeance is the genius of renaissance europe restoring to life the classic tradition . END
the UNK change from the palace at UNK to UNK gothic castle directs us to the aesthetic meaning of the myth -- the translation of antique drama into shakespearean and romantic guise . END
this translation , or rather the fusion of the two ideals , creates the UNK , the `` total art form '' . END
the bishop of gloucester described the elder thomas in UNK as the richest UNK in his UNK , worth five hundred pounds a year in lands and goods . END
when quiney and william parsons wrote to greville in UNK asking his consent in the election for bailiff , they sent the letter to mr. william UNK , attendant on the UNK mr. thomas UNK at UNK . END
mr. UNK was mentioned in UNK in the will of joyce UNK , widow of a stratford UNK . END
thomas the elder married twice , had seventeen children , and died in UNK . END
his daughter UNK married UNK son adrian in UNK , and his son henry married mary lane of stratford in UNK . END
his son thomas , aged fifteen when he entered oxford in UNK , married as his first wife margaret , sister of sir edward greville . END
bridges , a son by his second wife , was UNK at UNK in UNK , but thomas the younger was living at UNK two years later and sold broad UNK manor in UNK . END
a third thomas UNK ( UNK ) , `` much loved '' by bacon , called himself `` the UNK UNK '' in the first part of youths errors ( UNK ) and became an expert on silver mines and on the art of running into debt . END
edward greville , born about UNK , had inherited UNK on the execution of his father UNK for murder in UNK . END
he refused his consent to the election of quiney as bailiff in UNK , but gave it at the request of the recorder , his cousin sir UNK greville . END
the corporation entertained him for dinner at UNK house in UNK , with wine and sugar sent by the bailiff , sturley . END
at UNK on november 3 , UNK , the UNK asked him to support their petition for a new charter . END
sturley wrote to quiney that sir edward `` gave his allowance and liking thereof , and UNK unto us his best UNK , so that his rights be preserved '' , and that `` sir edward saith we shall not be at any fault for money for UNK the cause , for himself will procure it and lay it down for us for the time '' . END
greville proposed quiney as the UNK man `` for the following of the cause and to attend him in the matter '' , and at his suggestion the corporation allowed quiney two UNK a day . END
`` if you can firmly make the good knight sure to pleasure our corporation '' , sturley wrote , `` besides that ordinary allowance for your diet you shall have 20 for UNK '' . END
in his letter mentioning shakespeare on january 24 , UNK , sturley asked quiney especially that `` UNK might ( be ) UNK sir UNK UNK some UNK made to the UNK of the parliament for an ease and discharge of such taxes and UNK UNK our towne is like to be charged , and i assure u i am in great UNK and UNK UNK no UNK UNK to UNK . END
sir UNK UNK is UNK to UNK and from thence to UNK as i UNK , who UNK well UNK our estates and UNK be UNK to do us UNK good '' . END
the knights for UNK in this parliament , which ended its session on february 9 , were UNK greville ( the poet ) and william UNK of warwick , as UNK greville and edward greville had been in UNK . END
the corporation voted on september 27 , UNK , that quiney should ride to london about the suit to sir john UNK , chancellor of the exchequer , for UNK of the tax and UNK . END
he had been in london for several weeks when he wrote to shakespeare on october 25 . END
sturley on november 4 answered a letter from quiney written on october 25 which imported , wrote sturley , `` that our UNK mr. UNK UNK would procure us monei : which i will like of as i shall UNK when , UNK & howe : and i UNK let not go that occasion if it UNK sort to UNK indifferent UNK . END
UNK that if monei might be had for 30 or 40 a lease & might be procured '' . END
sturley quoted quiney as having written on november 1 that if he had `` more monei UNK much might be done to UNK our charter UNK , UNK UNK more , with UNK of corne , UNK , and UNK , and a matter of more UNK then all that '' . END
sturley thought that this matter might be `` the rest of the UNK and the college houses and UNK in our towne '' . END
he suggested offering half to sir edward , fearing lest `` he shall UNK it to good for us and procure it for UNK , as he served us the last time '' . END
this refers to what had happened after the earl of warwick died in UNK , when the town petitioned UNK for the right to name the vicar and UNK and other privileges but greville bought the UNK for himself . END
UNK UNK probably explains why greville took out the patent in the names of best and wells , for sir anthony UNK described best as `` a UNK within temple bar , that deals in many matters for my l. essex '' through sir UNK UNK , especially in `` causes that he would not be known of '' . END
adrian quiney wrote to his son richard on october 29 and again perhaps the next day , since the bearer of the letter , the bailiff , was expected to reach london on november 1 . END
in his second letter the old mercer advised his son `` to UNK some such UNK as yow may UNK UNK with UNK . END
UNK yow UNK with UNK UNK ( so in the UNK ) or UNK money ther or UNK your money home yow UNK see howe UNK UNK be sold ther UNK UNK UNK of them at UNK . END
UNK i UNK yow UNK UNK good UNK yow can have money '' . END
this seems to refer , not to the loan richard had asked for , but to a proposed bargain with shakespeare . END
richard quiney the younger , a UNK of eleven , wrote a letter in latin asking his father to buy UNK ( `` UNK UNK ) '' ) for him and his brother . END
his mother UNK , who could not write herself , reminded her husband through sturley to buy the apron he had promised her and `` a suite of UNK for 5 UNK the UNK lined & trimmed with UNK '' ( for john , only a year old ) . END
a letter signed `` UNK UNK '' UNK `` good UNK '' quiney to find her UNK adrian , son of george UNK , a place in london with some UNK . END
william parsons and william UNK , UNK , asked quiney to see to business matters in london . END
daniel baker UNK his `` UNK UNK '' with requests to pay money for him to UNK in UNK street and at the two cats in canning street . END
his letter of october 26 named two of the men about whom quiney had written to shakespeare the day before . END
baker wrote : `` i UNK order with sr. e. UNK for the payment of UNK monei UNK his going UNK london . END
& UNK i did write unto him to UNK him to UNK 10 for mee which UNK mee greatly UNK to have UNK . END
& 20 more mr. UNK UNK UNK order with his master to UNK for mee '' . END
he asked quiney to find out whether the money had been paid and , if not , to send to the lodging of sir edward and UNK him to pay what he owed . END
baker added : `` i pray you UNK these UNK letters and UNK mee to mr. UNK UNK UNK i know will UNK mee for the payment of this monei '' . END
further letters in november mention that sir edward paid forty pounds . END
UNK petition to the queen declared that two great fires had burnt two hundred houses in the town , with household goods , to the value of twelve thousand pounds . END
the chancellor of the exchequer wrote on the petition : `` in UNK opinion it is very UNK and UNK for UNK UNK to UNK in relief of this towne UNK afflicted and almost wasted by fire '' . END
the queen agreed on december 17 , a warrant was signed on january 27 , and the exchequer paid quiney his expenses on february 27 , UNK . END
he listed what he had spent for `` my own diet in london eighteen weeks , in which i was sick a month ; ; END
my mare at coming up 14 days ; ; END
another i bought there to bring me home 7 weeks ; ; END
and i was six days going UNK and coming UNK ; ; END
all which cost me at the least 20 pounds '' . END
he was allowed forty-four pounds in all , including fees to the masters of requests , mr. UNK of the exchequer , the solicitor general , and other officials and their clerks . END
if he borrowed money from shakespeare or with his help , he would now have been able to repay the loan . END
since more is known about quiney than about any other acquaintance of shakespeare in stratford , his career may be followed to its sudden end in UNK . END
during UNK and UNK he made `` UNK UNK of UNK UNK provision bestowed UNK UNK & others for the better UNK of our suites in UNK '' . END
he was in london `` searching records for our town's causes '' in UNK with young henry sturley , the assistant UNK . END
when sir edward greville enclosed the town commons on the bancroft , quiney and others leveled his UNK on january 21 , UNK , and were charged with riot by sir edward . END
he also sued them for taking toll of grain at their market . END
accompanied by `` master greene our solicitor '' ( thomas greene of the middle temple , shakespeare's `` cousin '' ) , quiney tried to consult sir edward coke , attorney general , and gave money to a clerk and a UNK `` that we might have access to their master for his counsel butt UNK UNK have him UNK UNK by the reason of UNK UNK '' ( the essex rising on february 8 ) . END
he set down that `` i gave mr. greene a UNK of UNK and a roll of bread that last morning i went to have his company to master attorney '' . END
after returning stratford he drew up a defense of the town's right to toll corn and the office of collecting it , and his list of suggested witnesses included his father and shakespeare's father . END
no one , he wrote , took any corn of greville's , for his bailiff of UNK `` swore a UNK UNK UNK who UNK came to put hys UNK into hys UNK for UNK corne UNK leave hys UNK UNK UNK '' . END
quiney was in london again in june , UNK , and in november , when he rode up , as shakespeare must often have done , by way of oxford , high UNK , and UNK , and home through UNK and UNK . END
after quiney was elected bailiff in september , UNK , without greville's approval , greene wrote him that coke had promised to be of counsel for stratford and had advised `` that the office of UNK may be exercised as it is taken upon you , ( sr. UNK his consent not UNK UNK to the UNK of you ) '' . END
asked by the UNK to cease his suit , greville had answered that `` UNK UNK UNK UNK 500 first & UNK it must be tried UNK before my UNK anderson in the UNK or his uncle UNK in the exchequer with whom he UNK more UNK then we '' . END
the corporation proposed chief justice anderson for an arbiter , sending him a gift of sack and claret . END
lady greville , daughter of the late lord chancellor UNK and niece of sir john UNK , was offered twenty pounds by the UNK to make peace ; ; END
she `` labored & thought she UNK UNK '' it but her husband said that `` we UNK UNK it by the UNK '' . END
his servant UNK whitney threatened quiney , who had whitney bound to `` the good UNK '' to keep the peace . END
a report of sr. UNK UNK UNK to the UNK UNK & UNK of UNK '' tells how quiney was injured by greville's men : `` in the UNK mr. UNK UNK was UNK ther came some of them UNK UNK UNK fell to UNK in ther hosts UNK UNK UNK UNK & UNK ther UNK UNK the UNK : UNK a UNK UNK the UNK being late UNK to see the towne in order & UNK by in UNK UNK came into the UNK & UNK the peace to be kept butt UNK UNK UNK & in hys UNK to UNK the UNK had his UNK UNK UNK by one of hys ( greville's ) men whom UNK UNK ( greville ) UNK nor UNK suffer to be UNK but with a UNK to UNK them UNK & UNK UNK '' . END
the fall of rome , the discovery of precious metals , and the protestant reformation were all links and could only be explained and understood by UNK the links that preceded and those that followed . END
often the historian must consider the use of intuition or instinct by those individuals or nations which he is studying . END
unconsciously , governments or races or institutions may enter into some undertaking without fully realizing why they are doing so . END
they react in obedience to an instinct or urge which has itself been impelled by natural law . END
a court may strike down a law on the basis of an intuitive feeling that the law is UNK to the numerical majority . END
a nation may go to war on some UNK UNK , when in reality it may have been guided by an unconscious instinct that its very life was at stake . END
when the historian encounters a situation in which he can perceive no visible cause and effect sequence , he should be alert to intuition and unconscious instinct as possible guides . END
adams firmly contended that the historian must never UNK the impact of the geographical environment on history . END
here was another indispensable tool . END
indeed , he concluded that `` geographical conditions have exercised a great , possibly a UNK , influence over man's destiny '' . END
the failure of greece to reach the imperial destiny that UNK athens had seemed to promise was almost directly attributable to her physical UNK . END
all areas of history were either favorably or UNK affected by the geographical environment , and no respectable historian could pursue the study of history without a thorough knowledge of geography . END
brooks adams was consistent in his UNK to historians about the necessary tools or insights they needed to possess . END
however , as a practicing historian , he , himself , has left few clues to the amount of professional scholarship that he used when writing history . END
in fact , if judgments are to be rendered upon the UNK of his UNK , they must be based on scanty evidence . END
what evidence is available would seem to indicate that brooks , unlike his older brother henry , had most of the UNK vices usually found in the amateur . END
a UNK , a distaste for UNK , an UNK reliance on contemporary accounts , and a UNK to assume a theory as true before adequate proof was provided were all evidences of his failure to comprehend the use of the scientific method or to evaluate the responsibilities of the historian to his reading public . END
this is not to assume that his work was without merit , but the validity of his assumptions concerning the meaning of history must always be considered against this background of an UNK approach . END
his UNK is perhaps best illustrated in his introduction to the emancipation of massachusetts , which UNK to examine the trials of moses and to draw a parallel between the leader of the UNK exodus from egypt and the leadership of the puritan clergy in colonial new england . END
much criticism has been leveled at this rather forced analogy , but what is equally significant is UNK complete acceptance of the biblical record as `` good and UNK history '' . END
in light of the scholarly UNK engendered by the higher criticism this is a most remarkable statement , particularly coming from one who was well known for his UNK views . END
the desire to UNK a thesis at the expense of sound research technique UNK more of the UNK than the historian . END
a similar UNK characteristic is revealed in UNK failure to check the accuracy and authenticity of his UNK sources . END
if he found data that fitted his general plan , he used it and counted his sources UNK . END
conversely , if statistics were uncovered which UNK a cherished theory , the sources were denounced as faulty . END
such UNK are frequently encountered in his essay on the suppression of the UNK during the english reformation . END
adams depended largely on the UNK of foreign ambassadors and observers in england , claiming that the reports of such agents had to be accurate because there were no newspapers . END
this is certainly an irrational dogmatism , in which the modern mind attempts to understand the spirit of the sixteenth century on twentieth-century terms . END
moreover , he rejects the contemporary accounts of englishmen , casually UNK them to be distorted by prejudice because `` the opinions of englishmen are of no great value '' . END
what is UNK by this observation is not the inherent prejudices of englishmen but the UNK of brooks adams . END
in all fairness it must be admitted that adams made no pretense at being an impartial historian . END
UNK to him meant an unwillingness to generalize and to search for a synthesis . END
he UNK the impact of german UNK on the writing of history , UNK it a `` dismal monster '' . END
UNK and his disciples had reduced history to a profession of UNK ; ; END
brooks adams preferred the UNK of UNK or the style and UNK of edward UNK , for at least they took a stand on the issues about which they wrote . END
he wrote UNK to william james that impartial history was not only impossible but undesirable . END
if the historian was convinced of his own UNK , then he should not allow his vision to become UNK by disturbing facts . END
it was history that must be in error , not the historian . END
it was this basic UNK that separated adams from the ranks of professional historians and led him to commit time and time again what was his most serious offense against the historical method -- namely , the tendency to assume the truth of an hypothesis before submitting it to the test of facts . END
all of UNK work reflects this dogmatic characteristic . END
no page seems to be complete without the statement of at least one UNK generalization . END
one example of this was his assertion that `` all UNK UNK must be dealt with by physical force '' . END
there is no explanation of terms nor a qualification that most such UNK have been dealt with by force -- only a bald dogmatism that they must , because of some undefined compulsion , be so repelled . END
on matters of race he was similarly UNK : `` most of the modern latin races seem to have inherited the UNK of the roman mind '' . END
he cites the french revolution as UNK this UNK but makes no mention of the italians , who have been able to adapt to all types of circumstances . END
he UNK that `` one of the first signs of advancing civilization is the fall in the value of women in men's eyes '' . END
it made no difference that most evidence points to an opposite conclusion . END
for adams had made up his mind before all the facts were available . END
all critics of adams and his methods have observed this particular deficiency . END
j. t. UNK was UNK by such UNK history as that which attributed the fall of the UNK empire to the woolen trade , and he urged adams to `` transform his essay into a real history , UNK not merely those facts which fit into his theory , but also the modifications and exceptions '' . END
a. m. UNK called the adams method literally UNK , while UNK day maintained that the assumptions were not confined to theories alone but were also applicable to straight factual evidence . END
moreover , stated day , `` he always UNK facts which tend to UNK his hypothesis '' . END
even d. a. UNK , who compared the emancipation of massachusetts to the lifting of a fog from ancient landscapes , was also forced to admit the UNK deficiencies of the author . END
in summary , brooks adams felt that the nature of history was order and that the order so discovered was as much subject to historical laws as the forces of nature . END
moreover , he believed that most professional historians lacked some of the essential instruments for a proper study of history . END
however , despite the insight of many of his observations , his own conclusions are open to suspicion because of his failure to employ at all times the correct research methods . END
this should not prejudice an evaluation of his findings , but they were not the findings of a completely impartial investigator . END
what was perhaps more important than his concept of the nature of history and the historical method were those forces which shaped the direction of his thought . END
in the final analysis his contribution to american UNK was founded on almost intuitive insights into religion , economics , and UNK , the three factors which conditioned his search for a law of history . END
brooks adams considered religion as an extremely significant manifestation of man's fear of the unknown . END
but it was nothing more than that . END
religion and the churches were institutions which had been created by man , not god . END
he did not deny god ; ; END
he simply did not believe that a creator intervened or interfered in human affairs . END
the historian need not be concerned with the philosophical problems suggested by religion . END
there was no evidence , either of a positive or negative type , of the actions of a divine being in this world ; ; END
and , since the historian should only be interested in strictly terrestrial activity , his research should eliminate the supernatural . END
furthermore , he must regard religion as the expression of human forces . END
certainly , he must recognize its power and attempt to ascertain its influence on the flow of history , but he must not confuse the natural and the UNK with the divine . END
adams was not breaking new ground when he claimed that the worship of an unseen power was in reality a reflection of man's inability to cope with his environment . END
students of anthropology and comparative religion had long been aware that there was , indeed , a direct connection . END
but adams was one of the first to suggest that this human incompetence was the only UNK factor behind religion . END
it was this fear which explained the development of a UNK UNK whose function in society was to UNK and UNK the angry UNK . END
to keep themselves entrenched in power , the priests were forced to demonstrate their unique status through the miracle . END
it was the use of the supernatural that kept them in business . END
the german barbarians of the fourth century offered an excellent example : END
`` the germans in the fourth century were a very simple race , who UNK little of natural laws , and who therefore referred phenomena they did not understand to supernatural intervention . END
this intervention could only be controlled by priests , and thus the invasions caused a rapid rise in the influence of the sacred class . END
the power of every ecclesiastical organization has always rested on the miracle , and the clergy have always proved their divine commission as did UNK '' . END
adams contended that once such a special class had been created it became a UNK interest and sought to maintain itself by assuming exclusive control over the relationships between god and man . END
thus , the church was born and because of its intrinsic character was soon identified as a conservative institution , determined to resist the forces of change , to identify itself with the political rulers , and to maintain a kind of splendid isolation from the masses . END
doctrine was not only mysterious ; ; END
it was also sacred , `` and no believer in an inspired church could tolerate having her canons examined as we should examine human laws '' . END
these basic ideas concerning the nature of religion were , adams believed , some of the major keys to the understanding of history and the movement of society . END
the dark views about the UNK found in the emancipation of massachusetts were never altered . END
despite their adherence to the status quo , the forces of organized religion were compelled to make adjustments as increasing civilization augmented human knowledge . END
in the law of civilization and decay brooks adams traced this evolution , always pointing to the fact that although the forms became more rational , the substance remained unchanged . END
the relic worship and UNK of the middle ages were more advanced forms than were primitive UNK worship and nature myths . END
yet , the idea imbedded in each was identical : to surround the unknown with mystery and to isolate that class which had been given special dominion over the secrets of god . END
to adams that age in which religion exercised power over the entire culture of the race was one of imagination , and it is largely the admiration he so obviously held for such UNK that UNK a peculiar UNK -- a sentiment he would have probably denied . END
stephens had written his classic `` incidents of travel '' about these regions a hundred years before , and UNK , who had studied UNK in london and the great ruins of egypt and greece , had drawn the splendid illustrations that accompanied the text . END
UNK , an architect in new york , had been forgotten , like stephens , and victor UNK their lives as one UNK , for a museum , a UNK from two or three UNK bones . END
he had UNK UNK letters in a new jersey farmhouse and he discovered UNK UNK grave in an old cemetery on the east side of new york , where the great UNK had been hastily buried during a UNK epidemic . END
victor had been stirred by my account of him in makers and UNK , for stephens was one of the lost writers whom UNK had seen in his childhood and whom i was bent on UNK . END
victor had led an adventurous life . END
his UNK was the american UNK , and he had lived all over latin america and among the primitive tribes on the UNK river . END
well he knew the UNK nights , the UNK UNK dogs and the biting insects in the villages of the UNK and UNK . END
he had not yet undertaken the great exploit of his later years , the UNK of the ancient UNK highway , the route of UNK in peru , but he had climbed to the original el dorado , the UNK lake of UNK , and he had UNK the southern UNK nevada with its UNK people and looked into the UNK mines of UNK . END
as a UNK living for two years at the headwaters of the UNK , he had collected specimens for mexican museums , and he had taken to the london zoo a live UNK , the sacred bird of the old UNK . END
in fact , he had raised UNK birds in his camp in the forest of UNK . END
moreover , he had spent six months on the UNK islands , among the great UNK that captain cook had found there , and now and then he would disappear into some small island of the west indies . END
UNK book on john lloyd stephens was largely written in my study in the house at weston . END
i had had my name taken out of the telephone book , and this was partly because of a convict who had been discharged from sing sing and who called me night after night . END
he said he was a friend of heywood UNK who had run a free employment bureau for several months during the depression , but the generous UNK to whom i wrote did not know his name and i somehow conceived the UNK notion that the man in question was UNK round the house . END
but one day came the voice of a man i had known when he was a boy , and i later remembered that this boy , thirty years before , had struck me as coming to no good . END
there had been something sinister about him that warned me against him , -- i had never felt that way about any other boy , -- but when he uttered his name on the telephone i had forgotten this and i was glad to do what he asked of me . END
he was a captain , he said , in the army , and on the train to new york his purse and all his money had been stolen , and would i lend him twenty-five dollars to be given him at the general delivery window ? ? END
never hearing from him again , i remembered the little boy of whom i had had such doubts when he was ten years old . END
we lived for a while in a movie UNK with a german cook and her son who turned out to be nazis . END
finally we got them out of the house , after the boy had run away four times looking for other nazis , threatening to murder village UNK and UNK that he was to be the next UNK . END
then he began to have UNK fits . END
we found that a charitable society in new york had a long UNK of the two ; ; END
and they agreed to see that the tragic pair would not put poison in anybody else's soup . END
to the weston house came once william allen UNK , the president of smith college who had been one of my old professors and who still called me `` boy '' when i was sixty . END
it reminded me of my other professor , edward UNK UNK , of whom i had been so fond when i was at harvard , the great UNK and classical scholar who had asked me to call him `` ken '' , saying , `` age counts for nothing among those who have learned to know life sub UNK UNK '' . END
i had always thought of that UNK man as many years older than myself , although he was perhaps only twenty years older , and he confirmed my feeling , along with the feeling of both my sons , that teachers of the classics are invariably UNK . END
i must have written to say how much i had enjoyed his fine book the building of eternal rome , and i found he had not regretted giving me the highest mark in his old course on the later latin poets , although in my final examination i had ignored the questions and filled the UNK with a comparison of UNK and UNK . END
he had written to me about a dinner he had had with the UNK monks at st. UNK UNK in washington . END
there had been reading at table , especially from two books , pope gregory the UNK account of st. UNK in his UNK and my own the world of washington irving . END
he said , `` some have criticized your book as being neither literary criticism nor history . END
of course it was not meant to be . END
some have felt that washington irving comes out rather UNK , but let them look at the title of the book '' . END
he felt as i felt about this best of all my books , that it was `` really tops '' . END
two or three times , c. c. UNK came to lunch with us in weston , that wonderful man who lived to be more than a hundred years old and whose birthplace had been my wall street suburb . END
his reading ranged from UNK UNK to the book of job and he had an UNK interest in his UNK , while his letters were full of gossip about new politicians and old men of letters with whom he had been intimately thrown six decades before . END
i could never forget the gaiety with which , when he was both blind and deaf , he let me lead him around his rooms to look at some of the pictures ; ; END
and once when he came to see us in new york he walked away in a UNK , unwilling to hear of a taxi or even an umbrella , although he was at the time ninety years old . END
there were several men of ninety or more whom i knew first or last , all of whom were still productive and most of whom knew one another as if they had naturally come together at the apex of their lives . END
i never met john UNK , whose style was a sort of verbal fog and who had written asking me to go to mexico with him when he was investigating the cause of UNK ; ; END
but i liked to think of him at ninety swimming and working at key west long after UNK had moved to cuba . END
at lee UNK house , i had UNK with edith hamilton , the UNK UNK and the charming scholar who had a great popular success with the greek way . END
then there was mark howe and there was henry dwight UNK , an accomplished man of letters who wrote in the spirit of UNK and produced in the end a formidable body of work . END
i saw UNK often before his death at UNK , -- he had UNK at the age of ninety , -- and he asked me , when once i returned from rome , if i knew the UNK in the church of st. UNK in UNK . END
i had to confess that i had missed these UNK , recently discovered , that he had studied in his UNK . END
UNK had chosen to follow the philosophy of UNK whom , with his followers , UNK put in hell ; ; END
but he defended the doctrine in the art of happiness , and what indeed could be said against the UNK virtues , health , UNK , privacy , culture and friendship ? ? END
of mark UNK de wolfe howe the philosopher whitehead said the earth's first visitors to mars should be persons likely to make a good impression , and when he was asked , `` whom would you send '' ? ? END
he replied , `` my first choice would be mark howe '' . END
this friend of many years came once to visit us in the house at weston . END
then i spoke at the UNK birthday party of w. e. UNK du UNK , who UNK on a fictional trilogy at UNK and who , with the crisis , had created a negro UNK that had never existed in america before him . END
as their interpreter and guide , he had broken with UNK and become a spokesman of the UNK people of the world . END
mr. UNK , -- `` UNK '' -- wrote to me once about an old friend of mine , s. k. UNK , whom i had first met in london in 1914 and who also came out for a week-end in weston . END
`` did you ever know a man with greater zest for information ? ? END
and his memory , like an UNK , stored with precise knowledge of men and things and happenings '' . END
his wife , katie , `` as gay as a UNK and as lively as a UNK '' , -- she was then UNK , -- had `` a sense of UNK that has been denied s.k. , but neither has any aesthetic perceptions . END
people and books are enough for them '' . END
s.k. was visiting UNK and , not waiting for breakfast , he was off to the university club , where he spent hours writing UNK of living americans for the manchester guardian or the UNK herald . END
later , rising ninety , he was beset by publishers for the story of his life and miracles , as he put it , but , calling himself the needy UNK , he had spent his time writing short articles and long letters and could not get even a small popular book done . END
then , all but blind , he said there was nothing in back to UNK -- , -- `` UNK ought to have known that '' , -- and `` i look at my UNK despairingly , knowing that i can have nothing more to do with them '' . END
however , at UNK , he had still been busy writing articles , reviewing and speaking , and i had never before known an englishman who had visited and UNK in three quarters of the united states . END
finally , colleges and clubs took the line that speakers from england were not wanted any longer , even speakers like s.k. , so unlike the novelists and poets who had UNK the americans for many years . END
with their UNK generalizations about the united states , these UNK , as they often were , had been great successes . END
while s.k. did not like dylan thomas , i liked his poems very much , but i made the mistake of telling dylan thomas so , whereupon he said to me , `` i suppose you think you know all about me '' . END
i should have replied , `` i probably know something about the best part of you '' . END
but i only thought of that in the middle of the night . END
many years later i went to see s.k. in england , where he was living at UNK , near UNK , and he showed me beside his cottage there the remains of the road on which UNK is supposed to have travelled . END
he was convinced that george UNK UNK was nearly all wrong as it applied to england , which was `` driving forward into UNK waters '' , with the danger of a new tyranny ahead . END
`` but however we go , whatever our UNK , it will not take the UNK shape '' . END
with facts mainly in his mind , he was often acute in the matter of style , and he said , `` the young who have as yet nothing to say will try UNK with initial letters and broken lines . END
but put them before a situation which they are forced to UNK '' , -- he was speaking of the spanish civil war , -- `` and they have no hesitation ; ; END
they merely do their best to make it real for others '' . END
he looked at her as she spoke , then got up as she was speaking still , and , simply and UNK , walked out . END
and that was the end . END
he went to the hotel mayflower and UNK UNK . END
would he meet him in baltimore in drawing room a , car three on the train leaving washington at nine o'clock next morning ? ? END
they would go to new york together , where parties would be piled on UNK and on misery . END
but not for long . END
both alfred harcourt and donald brace had written him enthusiastic praise of elmer gantry ( any changes could be made in proof , which was already coming from the UNK ) and they had ordered UNK copies -- the largest first printing of any book in history . END
but none of this could UNK the UNK nerves . END
on new year's eve , alfred harcourt drove him up the hudson to bill brown's training camp , a well-known establishment for the speedy if temporary rehabilitation of UNK who could no longer help themselves . END
but , in departing , lewis begged breasted that there be no liquor in the apartment at the UNK on his return , and he took with him the first thirty galleys of elmer gantry . END
on january 4 , with the boys back at school and college , mrs. lewis wrote harcourt to say that she was `` through , quite through '' . END
`` this whole washington venture was my last gesture , and it has failed . END
physically as well as mentally i have reached the limit of my endurance . END
my last gift to him is complete silence until the book is out and the first heated discussion dies down . END
for him to divorce god and wife simultaneously would be bad publicity . END
i am really ill at the present moment , and i will go to some sort of a UNK to UNK myself '' . END
and she withdrew then to cromwell hall , in cromwell , connecticut . END
harcourt replied : `` i do really hope you can achieve serenity in the course of time . END
of course i hope hal can also , but those hopes are much more faint '' . END
on january 8 , 1927 , he returned to the UNK in high spirits , and looking fit . END
he had been , he wrote UNK at once , `` in the country '' , a UNK for an experience that had not greatly changed him . END
charles breasted remembers that , before UNK his bag , he telephoned his UNK with a generous order , and almost at once `` the familiar procession of people began milling through our living room at any hour between two p.m. and three a.m. '' . END
they were strays of every kind -- university students and UNK , village UNK and UNK , taxi drivers and editors and unknown poets , as well as friends like UNK UNK and william rose UNK , the van UNK and nathan , UNK west and hugh UNK and UNK UNK , UNK UNK , lewis UNK , william UNK , arthur hopkins , the UNK . END
when he came home from his office at the end of the afternoon , breasted never knew what gathering he should expect to find , but there almost always was one . END
he did not neglect his wife in cromwell hall , but telephoned her and wrote her with UNK of his continuing interest and of his wish to `` stand behind '' her in their separation and of his hope that there would be no bitterness between them . END
she was occupying herself in an attempt to write an article about the variety of houses that they had rented abroad . END
he was of unsettled mind as to whether he should go abroad when the gantry galleys were finished . END
for a time , urging breasted to give up his public relations work and take up writing instead , he hoped to persuade him to become his assistant in research for the labor novel ; ; END
if breasted agreed , they would get a car and tour the country , visiting every kind of industrial center . END
when breasted insisted that this was impossible for him , lewis decided to go abroad . END
he telephoned l. m. UNK and asked him and his wife to come to europe as his guests , but UNK declined on the grounds that one of them must be in the united states when elmer gantry was published . END
lewis was spending his mornings , with the help of two secretaries , on the galleys of that long novel , making considerable revisions , and the combination of hard work and hard UNK exhausted him once more , so that he was compelled to spend three days in the harbor UNK in the last week of january . END
before he made that retreat , he telephoned earl blackman in kansas city and asked him to come to europe with him . END
blackman was to be in new york by february 2 , because they were sailing at UNK next morning . END
lewis told him what clothes he should bring along , and enjoined him not to buy anything that he did not already own , they would do that in new york . END
blackman arrived a day or two early , and lewis took him to a department store immediately and UNK him , luggage and all , and then he took him to a party at the UNK that went on until four in the morning . END
on the evening that they were to sail , lewis himself gave a party , but he was too UNK to appear at it . END
UNK took occasion to warn blackman about lewis's drinking and urged him to `` try to keep him sober '' . END
after a dinner party for which she had come down to new york , mrs. lewis and UNK arrived to see them off , and UNK UNK made tart observations that indicated that lewis had been less UNK than he had promised to be about the real nature of their separation . END
nevertheless , mrs. lewis was still UNK of his condition : let him do as he wished , let him sleep with UNK if he must , but , she begged blackman , try to keep him from drinking a great deal and bring him back in good health . END
as they stood at the first-class rail , waving down to his wife and UNK below , lewis said , `` earl , there is UNK future husband '' . END
and when questioned by ship's reporters about the separation , she said , `` i UNK him , and he UNK me '' . END
blackman had brought news from kansas city . END
before his departure , a group of his friends , the reverend UNK among them , had given him a luncheon , and UNK had seen advance sheets of elmer gantry . END
he was outraged by the book and announced that he had discovered fifty technical errors in its account of church practices . END
l. m. UNK challenged him to name one and he was silent . END
but his UNK did not cease , and presently , on march 13 , when he preached a sermon on the text , `` and UNK was drunk '' , he told his congregation how disappointed he was in mr. lewis , how he regretted having had him in his house , and how he should have been warned by the fact that the novelist was drunk all the time that he was working on the book . END
but that sermon , like those of hundreds of other ministers , was yet to be delivered . END
in london lewis took the usual suite in bury street . END
to the newspapers he talked about his UNK life , about his wish to be a newspaperman once more , about the prevalence of american UNK in british speech , about the UNK of the english and the UNK of finding quiet in a railway carriage , about his plans to wander for two years `` unless stopped and made to write another book '' . END
the manchester guardian wondered how anyone in a railway carriage would have an opportunity to talk to mr. lewis , since it was well known that mr. lewis always did all of the talking . END
his english friends , it said , had gone into training to keep up with him UNK and with his `` UNK movements around the luncheon table '' . END
the new york times UNK wondered just who would stop mr. lewis and make him write a book . END
lewis's remarks about his marriage were suggestive enough to induce american reporters to invade the offices of harcourt , brace & company for information , to pursue mrs. lewis to cromwell hall , and , after she had returned to new york , to UNK her out at the UNK on upper fifth avenue where she had taken an apartment . END
there , to the evening post , she UNK denied the divorce rumors and explained that she had stayed behind because of the schooling of their son , which henceforth would be strictly american . END
these rumors of permanent separation started up a whole crop of stories about her . END
one had it that a friend , protesting her snobbery , said , `` but , UNK , you are an american , aren't you '' ? ? END
and she replied , `` i was born in america , but i was conceived in vienna '' . END
lewis himself UNK these tales . END
he is said to have reported that once , when she went to a hospital to call on a friend after a serious operation , and the friend protested that it had been `` nothing '' , she replied , `` well , it was your healthy american peasant blood that pulled you through '' . END
with these and similar tales he was entertaining his english friends , all of whom he was seeing when he was not showing blackman the sights of london and its environs . END
at once upon his arrival , he telephoned lady UNK UNK who invited them to tea , and then lewis decided to give a party as a quick way of rounding up his friends . END
he invited lady UNK , lord UNK , UNK roberts , and a half dozen others . END
it was a dinner party , lewis had been drinking during the afternoon , and long before the party really got under way , he was quite drunk , with the result that the party broke up even before dinner was over . END
lewis , at the head of the table , would leap up and move around behind the chairs of his guests making remarks that , when not highly offensive , were at least highly inappropriate , and then presently he collapsed and was put to bed . END
when blackman emerged from the bedroom , everyone was gone except the tolerant lord UNK , who stayed and UNK with him for half an hour , and then blackman lay awake most of that night , despairing of what he must expect on the continent . END
finally , at dawn , he fell asleep , and when he awoke and came into the living room , he found lewis in his UNK before the fire , smoking a cigarette . END
blackman said that he wanted to UNK for not having prevented lewis from making that horrible spectacle of himself , that he should have seized him by the neck at once and UNK hauled him into his bedroom . END
lewis warned him never to lay a hand on him , and then blackman asked for his fare back to the united states . END
lewis looked at him and began to cry , and then , saying that he was going to make a promise , he asked blackman to call the porter and to tell him to take out all the liquor that he did not want . END
`` and from now on , for the rest of this trip , i will only drink what you agree that i should drink '' . END
blackman called the porter and had him remove everything but one bottle of brandy , and after that they would have a cocktail or two before dinner , or , on one of their walking trips , beer , or , in france and italy , wine in UNK . END
lewis gave him a UNK tour of london and , UNK and walking , took him to stratford , but the london stay was for only ten days , and on the twentieth they took the train for UNK , where they spent the night for an early morning channel crossing . END
near UNK , in a considerable establishment , lived homer UNK , a well-known pulp writer , and his brother , horace -- both friends of lewis's . END
he suggested that they call on these brothers , who received them pleasantly . END
then they returned to their hotel and got ready for bed . END
it was late , and blackman was ready to go to sleep , but lewis was not . END
he said , `` we had a good time tonight , didn't we , earl '' ? ? END
earl agreed , and lewis said that it would have been very different if his wife had been with him . END
then he kept blackman awake for more than an hour while he did an imaginary dialogue between his wife and himself in which , discussing the evening , he was continually UNK . END
he began the dialogue by having his wife announce that one does not invade people's homes without warning them that one is coming , and went on from that with the entire catalogue of his social UNK . END
from UNK on , if the lists exist , they contain between twenty to thirty names . END
as the total number of UNK bachelors in 1629 was , according to UNK ( life , UNK ) and n , two hundred UNK , the twenty-four names listed in the UNK UNK for that year constitute slightly less than one tenth of the total number of bachelors who then UNK . END
there were four from st. john's and four from christ's , three from UNK , and two from each of the colleges , jesus , UNK , UNK , and trinity , with UNK , UNK , king's , UNK , and sidney supplying one each in the UNK UNK . END
the list was headed by ( henry ) UNK of st. john's who was UNK from st. john's at easter , 1625 . END
he became a fellow of jesus in 1629 , proceeded m.a. from jesus in 1632 , and was proctor in UNK . END
the second name was ( edward ) UNK , UNK from UNK college at easter , 1625 . END
he proceeded m.a. in 1632 , and UNK in UNK , being made fellow in 1632 . END
he was ordained deacon 16 june and priest 22 december UNK . END
the third name was ( john ) UNK , who was admitted to the inner temple in november UNK . END
the fourth name was ( john ) milton of christ's college , followed by ( richard ) UNK of UNK , who UNK 16 october UNK . END
UNK gave his UNK as UNK , a mistake for 1629 . END
UNK also proceeded m.a. in 1632 and became a fellow of his college in that year . END
( john ) UNK of christ's was twelfth in the list , coming from UNK school under mr. UNK as UNK 20 april 1625 under mr. UNK . END
the UNK name was ( richard ) UNK , written UNK , admitted to christ's college under scott 2 july 1625 . END
the fifteenth name was ( thomas ) UNK , admitted to christ's 4 march 1625 under UNK . END
christ's college was well represented that year in the UNK , and the name highest on the list from that college was milton's , fourth in the entire university . END
small wonder that milton later boasted of how well his work had been received there , since he attained a rank in the order of commencing bachelors higher than that of any other UNK from christ's of that year . END
it is not possible to reconstruct fully the arrangements whereby these honors lists were then made up or even how the names that they contained assumed the order in which we find them . END
the process usually began with a tutor UNK about a boy , as UNK had boasted about UNK , to the higher officers of the college and university . END
then the various officers of the college might take up the case . END
it would , however , reach the UNK and other officers in charge of the UNK performances of the UNK bachelors , and the place that any individual obtained in the lists depended greatly on how he UNK himself in the public schools during his acts therein as he was UNK . END
of course the higher officials could add or place a name on the list wherever they wished . END
milton's name being fourth is neither too high nor too low to be assigned to the arbitrary action of UNK , proctor , master , or other mighty hand . END
he evidently earned the place assigned him . END
UNK of milton's undergraduate career END
looking back from the spring of 1629 over the four years of milton's undergraduate days , certain phases of his college career stand out as of permanent consequence to him and hence to us . END
of course the principal factor in the whole experience was the kind of education he received . END
it differed from what an undergraduate receives today from any american college or university mainly in the certainty of what he was forced to learn compared with the loose and widely scattered information obtained today by most of our undergraduates . END
milton was required to absorb and display an intensive and accurate knowledge of latin grammar , UNK , ethics , physics or natural philosophy , metaphysics , and latin , greek , and hebrew . END
he had also sampled various special fields of learning , being unable to miss some study of divinity , justinian ( law ) , and UNK ( medicine ) . END
above all , he had learned to write formal latin prose and verse to a remarkable degree of UNK . END
he had learned to dispute UNK , both formally and informally in latin , and according to the rules on any topic , pro or con , drawn from almost any subject , more especially from aristotle's works . END
he could produce carefully constructed UNK , set and formal speeches , artfully and UNK made by writing and UNK with all the aid his tutor and others could provide , and then delivered UNK from memory . END
he had also learned to dispute UNK remarkably well , the main evidence for which of course is the presence of his name in the honors list of UNK . END
he also displayed the ability to write latin verse on almost any topic of dispute , the verses , of course , to be delivered from memory . END
then we have surviving at least one instance of a poem prepared for another , in UNK non UNK UNK , and perhaps also the de idea UNK . END
but his greatest achievement , in his own eyes and in the eyes of his colleagues and teachers , was his amazing ability to produce literary latin pieces , and he was often called on to do so . END
these were his public academic activities , UNK UNK , in the college and in the university . END
and his performances attracted much attention , as the frequency of his surviving pieces in any calendar that may be set up for his undergraduate activities UNK . END
his other activities are not so easily recovered . END
his statements about sports and exercises of a physical nature are suggestive , but UNK . END
his later UNK of his skill with the small sword are indicative of much time and practice devoted to the use of that weapon . END
UNK and others have dealt with sports and UNK at cambridge in milton's day with not very specific results . END
milton himself , UNK as he is about his lesser and UNK activities , at least gives us some evidence that he was a great walker , under any and all conditions . END
his early poems and some of his prose prolusions speak of UNK in the city and the neighboring country that may be extended to cambridge and its surrounding countryside . END
the town itself and the `` UNK UNK '' he often visited , as did all in the university . END
the churches , the taverns , and the various other places of the town must have known his figure well as he UNK to and about them . END
the tiny hamlet of UNK to the north , with the UNK and marshes lying on down the UNK river , may have attracted him often , as it did many other youths of the time . END
the UNK UNK hills to the southeast afforded him and all other students a vantage point from which to view the town and university of their dwelling . END
the country about cambridge is flat and not particularly spectacular in its scenery , though it offers easy going to the foot traveler . END
ball games , especially football , required some attention , and other organized sports may have attracted him as participant or spectator . END
he smoked , as did everybody , and UNK the various UNK beverages of that day , although his UNK while at cambridge and after that he was no UNK point to reasonable UNK from the wild drinking UNK of some of the undergraduates and , we must add , of some of their elders including many of the UNK or teachers . END
what manner of person does milton appear to have been when as an undergraduate he UNK at christ's college ? ? END
he was then a slightly built young man of pleasing appearance , medium stature , and handsome face . END
graceful as his fencing and dancing lessons had taught him to be in addition to the natural grace of his slight , wiry frame , he cut enough of a figure to have evoked a nickname in the college , to which he himself referred in prolusion 6 : : END
a UNK , , UNK UNK UNK . END
that is , if we can trust that most UNK of prolusions , packed as it is with wit and UNK . END
the UNK sounds real enough , if we could only trust the conditions under which we learn of its use ; ; END
but anyone who would put much trust in any phase of prolusion 6 , except its UNK UNK deserves whatever fate may be UNK out to him by virtue of the UNK UNK banter . END
in short , the traditional UNK for milton of ' lady of christ's ' , while eminently fitting , rests only on this baffling passage in the midst of the most treacherous piece of writing milton left us . END
UNK mention of it ( UNK , and UNK UNK UNK 8 , f. 63 ) comes from this prolusion , through christopher milton or edward phillips . END
it is not a question of truth or UNK ; ; END
the prolusion in which the UNK statement about the UNK occurs is such a mass of intentionally buried allusions that almost nothing in it can be accepted as true -- or discarded as false . END
the entire exercise , latin and english , is most suggestive of the kind of person milton had become at christ's during his undergraduate career ; ; END
the mere fact that he was selected , though as a substitute , to act as UNK or moderator for it , or perhaps we should say with buck as ' father of the act ' , is in itself a difficult phase of his development to grasp . END
milton was to act as the UNK , the supreme wit , the lightly UNK UNK , UNK UNK , who could at once trip lightly over that which deserved such treatment , or could at will UNK the common enemies of the college gathering , and with words alone . END
from an exercise involving merely raucous , UNK comedy , in his hands the performance turned into a UNK of wit and word play , indecent at times , but always learned , pointed , and carefully aimed at some individuals present , and at the whole assembly . END
to do this successfully required great skill and a special talent for both solemn and UNK UNK , a talent not bestowed on many persons , but one with which milton was marked as being endowed and in which , at least in this performance , he obviously UNK . END
it may be thought unfortunate that he was called on entirely by accident to perform , if again we may trust the opening of the UNK , for it marks the beginning for us of his use of his peculiar form of witty word play that even in this latin banter has in it the unmistakable element of UNK and an almost UNK delight in verbally UNK an adversary . END
but the real beginnings of this development in him go back to the opposing of grammar school , and probably if it had not been this occasion and these latin lines it would have been some others , such as the first prolusion , that set off this streak in him of UNK and UNK verbal attack on an enemy . END
all western europe would hear and listen to him in this same vein about the middle of the century . END
but these prolusions that we have surviving from the christ's college days are only one phase of his existence then . END
perhaps his most important private activity was the combination of reading , discussion with a few -- if we can trust his writings to UNK and the younger UNK , very few -- congenial companions . END
lines UNK of UNK later point to a friendship with edward king , who entered christ's college 9 june UNK . END
no other names among the young men in residence at the time seem to have been even suggested by milton as those of persons with whom he in any way UNK . END
but that scarcely means that he was the aloof , UNK type of student who shared few if any activities with his fellows , the banter of the surviving prolusions providing enough evidence to deny this . END
apparently he was not a participant in the college or university UNK , which he once attacked as utterly unworthy performances ( see UNK , UNK ) ; ; END
but even in that famous passage , milton was aiming not at the UNK as such but at their performance by ' persons either UNK , or presently to enter into the ministry . END
the fact that he nowhere mentioned theatrical performances as part of the activities of the boys later in his hypothetical academy ( UNK ) should not be taken too seriously as evidence that he desired them to UNK such performances . END
perhaps , in that short piece or letter written to UNK in which he sketched his scheme for UNK young men , he merely overlooked that phase of their exercises . END
writers of this class of science fiction have clearly in mind the assumptions that man can master the principles of this UNK universe and that such mastery will necessarily better the human lot . END
on the other hand , the bright vision of the future has been directly stated in science fiction concerned with projecting ideal societies -- science fiction , of course , is related , if sometimes UNK , to that utopian literature optimistic about science , literature whose period of greatest vigor in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries produced edward UNK looking backward and h. g. wells's a modern utopia . END
in arthur UNK childhood's end ( 1953 ) , though written after the present flood of dystopias began , we can see the bright vision of science fiction clearly defined . END
childhood's end -- apparently indebted to UNK UNK utopian romance , UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) , and also to wells's histories of the future , especially , the world set free ( 1914 ) and the shape of things to come ( 1933 ) -- describes the UNK conquest of earth by the UNK , vastly superior creatures who come to our world in order to prepare the human race for its next stage of development , an eventual merging with the composite mind of the universe . END
arriving just in time to stop men from turning their planet into a radioactive UNK , the UNK unite earth into one world in which justice , order , and benevolence prevail and ignorance , poverty , and fear have ceased to exist . END
under their rule , earth becomes a technological utopia . END
both abolition of war and new techniques of production , particularly UNK factories , greatly increase the world's wealth , a situation described in the following passage , which has the true utopian ring : `` everything was so cheap that the necessities of life were free , provided as a public service by the community , as roads , water , street lighting and drainage had once been . END
a man could travel anywhere he pleased , eat whatever he UNK -- without handing over any money '' . END
with destructive tensions and pressures removed men have the vigor and energy to construct a new human life -- rebuilding entire cities , expanding facilities for entertainment , providing unlimited opportunities for education -- indeed , for the first time giving everyone the chance to employ his talents to the fullest . END
mankind , as a result , UNK previously UNK of levels of civilization and culture , a golden age which the UNK , a very evident symbol of science , have helped produce by introducing reason and the scientific method into human activities . END
thus science is the savior of mankind , and in this respect childhood's end only UNK in greater detail the vision of the future which , though not always so directly stated , has nevertheless been present in the minds of most science-fiction writers . END
considering then the optimism which has UNK science fiction for so long , what is really remarkable is that during the last twelve years many science-fiction writers have turned about and attacked their own cherished vision of the future , have attacked the childhood's end kind of faith that science and technology will inevitably better the human condition . END
and they have done this on a very large scale , with a veritable flood of novels and stories which are either dystopias or UNK of adventure with dystopian elements . END
because of the means of publication -- science-fiction magazines and cheap UNK -- and because dystopian science fiction is still appearing in quantity the full range and extent of this phenomenon can hardly be known , though one fact is evident : the science-fiction imagination has been immensely fertile in its UNK . END
among the dystopias , for example , isaac UNK the caves of steel ( 1954 ) portrays the deadly effects on human life of the UNK of the future ; ; END
james UNK a case of conscience ( 1958 ) describes a world hiding from its own weapons of destruction in underground shelters ; ; END
ray UNK UNK UNK ( 1954 ) presents a UNK society in which wall television and UNK radios UNK men's minds ; ; END
walter m. miller , UNK , a UNK for UNK ( 1959 ) finds men , after the great atomic disaster , stumbling back to their previous level of civilization and another catastrophe ; ; END
frederick UNK `` the UNK touch '' ( 1954 ) UNK an economy of abundance which , in order to remain prosperous , must set its UNK to consuming surplus production ; ; END
clifford d. UNK `` UNK '' ( 1954 ) tells of a future when UNK have taken over , leaving men nothing to do ; ; END
and robert UNK the status civilization ( 1960 ) describes a world which , frightened by the powers of destruction science has given it , becomes static and UNK . END
a more complete list would also include UNK `` the pedestrian '' ( 1951 ) , philip k. UNK solar UNK ( 1955 ) , david UNK one ( 1953 ) , wilson UNK the long loud silence ( 1952 ) , jack UNK to live forever ( 1956 ) , gore UNK UNK ( 1954 ) , and bernard UNK UNK ( 1952 ) , as well as the three perhaps most outstanding dystopias , UNK pohl and c. m. UNK the space merchants ( 1953 ) , UNK UNK player piano ( 1952 ) , and john UNK UNK ( 1953 ) , works which we will later examine in detail . END
the novels and stories like UNK UNK walk ( 1960 ) , with the focus on adventure and with the dystopian elements only a dim background -- in this case an uneasy , UNK world in which the mass of people do UNK routine jobs while a carefully selected , UNK elite runs everything -- are in all likelihood as numerous as dystopias . END
there is , of course , nothing new about dystopias , for they belong to a literary tradition which , including also the closely related satiric UNK , stretches from at least as far back as the eighteenth century and UNK UNK travels to the twentieth century and UNK we , UNK war with the UNK , UNK brave new world , e. m. UNK `` the machine stops '' , c. s. lewis's that hideous strength , and UNK nineteen eighty-four , and which in science fiction is represented before the present deluge as early as wells's trilogy , the time machine , `` a story of the days to come '' , and when the UNK UNK , and as recently as jack UNK `` with folded hands '' ( 1947 ) , the classic story of men replaced by their own UNK . END
what makes the current phenomenon unique is that so many science-fiction writers have reversed a trend and turned to writing works critical of the impact of science and technology on human life . END
since the great flood of these dystopias has appeared only in the last twelve years , it seems fairly reasonable to assume that the chief impetus was the 1949 publication of nineteen eighty-four , an assumption which is supported by the frequent echoes of such details as room UNK , along with education by conditioning from brave new world , a book to which science-fiction writers may well have returned with new interest after reading the more powerful UNK UNK . END
not all recent science fiction , however , is dystopian , for the optimistic strain is still very much alive in mission of gravity and childhood's end , as we have seen , as well as in many other recent popular novels and stories like fred UNK the black cloud ( 1957 ) ; ; END
and among works of dystopian science fiction , not all provide intelligent criticism and very few have much merit as literature -- but then real quality has always been scarce in science fiction . END
in addition , there are many areas of the human situation besides the impact of science and technology which are examined , for science-fiction dystopias often UNK political , social , economic tendencies only indirectly related to science and technology . END
nevertheless , with all these qualifications and exceptions , the current dystopian phenomenon remains impressive for its criticism that science and technology , instead of bringing utopia , may well UNK , UNK , and even destroy men . END
how effectively these warnings can be presented is seen in pohl and UNK the space merchants , UNK player piano and UNK UNK . END
easily the best known of these three novels is the space merchants , a good example of a science-fiction UNK which UNK much more than the impact of science on human life , though its most important warning is in this area , namely as to the use to which discoveries in the UNK sciences may be put . END
the novel , which is not merely dystopian but also brilliantly satiric , describes a future america where UNK of the population , the men who run advertising agencies and big corporations , control the rest of the people , the submerged UNK who are the workers and consumers , with the government being no more than `` a clearing house for pressures '' . END
like ours , the economy of the space merchants must constantly expand in order to survive , and , like ours , it is based on the principle of `` ever increasing everybody's work and profits in the circle of consumption '' . END
the consequences , of course , have been dreadful : reckless expansion has led to UNK , pollution of the earth and depletion of its natural resources . END
for example , even the most successful executive lives in a UNK apartment while ordinary people rent space in the UNK of office buildings in which to sleep at night ; ; END
UNK have replaced meat , and wood has become so precious that it is saved for expensive UNK ; ; END
and the atmosphere is so UNK that no one dares walk in the open without UNK or UNK UNK . END
while the space merchants indicates , as UNK UNK has correctly observed , some of the `` impending consequences of the growth of industrial and commercial power '' and UNK `` existing habits in the advertising profession '' , its warning and analysis penetrate much deeper . END
what is wrong with advertising is not only that it is an `` outrage , an assault on people's mental privacy '' or that it is a major cause for a wasteful economy of abundance or that it contains a UNK tendency ( which is closer to the point ) . END
rather what UNK and pohl are really doing is warning against the dangers inherent in UNK `` a science of man and his motives '' . END
the space merchants , like such humanist documents as joseph wood UNK the measure of man and c. s. lewis's the abolition of man , considers what may result from the scientific study of human nature . END
if man is actually the product of his environment and if science can discover the laws of human nature and the ways in which environment determines what people do , then someone -- a someone probably standing outside traditional systems of values -- can turn around and develop completely efficient means for controlling people . END
thus we will have a society consisting of the planners or conditioners , and the controlled . END
and this , of course , is exactly what madison avenue has been accused of doing UNK in a primitive way , with its `` hidden UNK '' and what the space merchants accomplish with much greater sophistication and precision . END
pohl and UNK ad men have long since thrown out appeals to reason and developed techniques of advertising which tie in with `` every basic UNK and neurosis in american life '' , which work on the UNK of consumers , which are linked to the `` great prime motivations of the human spirit '' . END
as the hero , mitchell courtenay , explains before his conversion , the job of advertising is `` to convince people without letting them know that they're being convinced '' . END
and to do this requires first of all the kind of information about people which is provided by the scientists in industrial anthropology and consumer research , who , for example , tell courtenay that three days is the `` optimum UNK period for a closed social circuit to be triggered with a UNK UNK '' -- which means that an effective propaganda technique is to send an idea into circulation and then three days later reinforce or undermine it . END
and the second requirement for convincing people without their knowledge is artistic talent to prepare the words and pictures which persuade by using the principles which the scientists have discovered . END
thus the UNK in the world of the space merchants is the person who in earlier ages might have been a lyric poet , the person `` capable of putting together words that stir and move and sing '' . END
as courtenay explains , `` here in this profession we reach into the souls of men and women . END
and we do it by taking talent -- and UNK it '' . END
now the basic question to be asked in this situation is what UNK the UNK , that is , what are their values ? ? END
-- since , as courtenay says , `` nobody should play with lives the way we do unless he's motivated by the highest ideals '' . END
but the only ideal he can think of is `` sales '' ! ! END
indeed , again and again , the space merchants confirm the prediction of the UNK that the conditioners and UNK scientists , once they have seen through human nature , will have nothing except their impulses and desires to guide them . END
we often say of a person that he `` looks young for his age '' or `` old for his age '' . END
yet even in the more extreme of such cases we seldom go very far UNK in guessing what his age actually is . END
and this means , i suppose , that almost invariably age reveals itself by easily recognizable signs engraved on both the body and the mind . END
`` young for his age '' means only the presence of some minor characteristic not quite usual . END
UNK quite sufficient for diagnosis are nevertheless there . END
an assumption of youth , or the presence of a few youthful characteristics , UNK no more successfully than rouge or dyed hair . END
`` looking young for your age '' means `` for your age '' and it means no more . END
a mind expressing itself in words may reveal itself a little less obviously as old or young . END
its surface loses its bloom and UNK to its wrinkles in ways less immediately obvious than the body does . END
youth may be , and often is , skeptical , cynical or despairing ; ; END
age may be UNK , believing and much given to professions of optimism . END
but there is , nevertheless , always a subtle difference in the way in which supposedly similar opinions are held . END
the pessimism of the young is UNK , anxious to confess or even exaggerate its UNK gloom , and so exuberant as to reveal the fact that it regards its ability to face up to the awful truth as more than enough to UNK for the UNK of that truth . END
similarly the optimism of age protests too much . END
if it proclaims that the best is yet to be , it always UNK , at least in the young , either a suspicious question or perhaps the exclamation of the negro youth who saw on a UNK the inscription , `` i am not dead but sleeping '' . END
`` boy , you ain't UNK nobody but yourself '' . END
we may say of some UNK that they were never young . END
we cannot truthfully say of anyone who has succeeded in entering deep into his sixties that he was never old . END
those famous lines of the greek anthology with which a fading beauty UNK her mirror at the shrine of a UNK reveal a wise attitude : `` venus , take my UNK glass , since i am not what i was , what from this day i shall be , venus , let me never see '' . END
no good can come of contemplating the sad , inevitable fact that once youth has passed `` a worse and worse time still succeeds the former '' . END
but there are at least two reasons for contemplating one's mind in even a cracked mirror . END
one is that there sometimes are real although inadequate UNK in growing old . END
serenity , if one is fortunate enough to achieve it , is not so good as joy , but it is something . END
even to be `` from hope and fear set free '' is at least better than to have lost the first without having got rid of the second . END
the other reason ( and the one with which i am here concerned ) is that one thus becomes inclined to inquire of any opinion , or change of opinion , whether it represents the wisdom of experience or is only the result of the difference between youth and age which is as inevitable as the all too obvious physical differences . END
one may be UNK aware that if the answer is favorable it will be judged such only by those of one's own age . END
but at least the question has been raised . END
many readers of this department no doubt discount certain of my opinions for the simple reason that they can guess pretty accurately , even if they have never actually been told , what my age is . END
at least i should like them to know that i know these discounts are being made . END
let me then ( and in public ) glance into the mirror . END
i have known some men and women who said that the selves they are told about or even remember seem utter strangers to them now ; ; END
that their remote past is as UNK with their present selves , as lacking in any conscious UNK to their mature personality , as the self of a UNK may be imagined UNK with that of the UNK it once was . END
for my part i find it difficult to conceive such a state of affairs . END
i have changed and i have reversed opinions ; ; END
but i am so aware of an uninterrupted continuity of the UNK or ego that i see only as absurd the tendency of some psychologists from UNK to UNK and UNK to regard consciousness as no more than a flux amid which nothing remains unchanged . END
so far as i am concerned , the child is unmistakably father to the man , despite the obvious fact that child and father differ greatly -- sometimes for the better and sometimes for the worse . END
fundamental values , temperament and the way in which one approaches a conviction change less , of course , than specific opinions . END
that fact is very clearly illustrated in the case of the many present-day intellectuals who were communists or UNK in their youth and are now so extremely conservative ( or reactionary , as many would say ) that they can define no important political conviction that does not seem so far from even a UNK position as to make the distinction between mr. nixon and mr. khrushchev for them hardly worth noting . END
but in ways more fundamental than specific political opinions they are still what they always were : passionate , sure without a shadow of doubt of whatever it is that they are sure of , capable of seeing black and white only and , therefore , committed to the logical extreme of whatever it is they are temporarily committed to . END
to those of my readers who find many of my opinions morally , or politically , or UNK antiquated ( and i have reason to know that there are some such ) , i would like to say what i have already hinted , namely , that some of my opinions may indeed be subject to some discount on the simple ground that i am no longer young and therefore incapable of being youthful of mind . END
but i will also remind them that i have always been inclined to skepticism , to a kind of UNK lack of commitment so far as public affairs are concerned ; ; END
so that , although not as eager as i once was to be disapproved of , i can still resist prevailing opinions . END
at about the age of twelve i became a UNK liberal , and i have always considered myself a liberal of some kind even though the definition has changed repeatedly since spencer became a reactionary . END
several times in my youth i voted the socialist ticket , but less because i was socialist than because i was not either a republican or a democrat , and i voted for franklin roosevelt every time he was a candidate . END
yet during the years when i was on the staff of the nation , i tried to the limit the patience of the editors on almost every occasion when i was permitted to write an editorial having a bearing on a political or social question . END
never once during the trying thirties did i come so close to UNK to the private climate of opinion as to grant russian communism even that most UNK of UNK `` an interesting experiment '' . END
there are few things of which i am UNK than of that UNK record . END
many of my friends at the time thought that i had received a UNK condemnation when lincoln UNK denounced me in a review of one of my books as a perfect example of the obsolete man who could understand and sympathize only with the dead past . END
but he , as i can now retort , was the man who could see so short a distance ahead that after a visit to russia he gave voice to the famous exclamation : `` i have seen the future and it works '' . END
the favorite excuse of those who have now UNK their approval of communism is that they did not know how things would develop . END
with this excuse i have never been much impressed . END
there was , it seems to me , enough in the openly declared principles and intentions of russian leaders to UNK honorable men without their having to wait to see how it would turn out . END
once many years ago i sat at dinner next to arthur train , and the subject of the nation came up . END
he asked me suddenly , `` what are your political opinions '' ? ? END
`` well '' , i replied , `` some of my colleagues on the paper regard me as a rank reactionary '' . END
after a moment's thought he replied , `` that still leaves you a lot of latitude '' . END
and i suppose it did . END
i never have been , and am not now , any kind of utopian . END
when i first came across samuel johnson's UNK , `` the remedy for the ills of life is UNK rather than radical '' , it seemed to me to sum up the UNK of political and social truths . END
it will probably explain more of my attitudes toward society than any other phrase or principle could . END
why did i choose to fill these pages in this particular issue with this mixture of rather tenuous reflections and autobiography ? ? END
the reason is , i think , my awareness that my remarks last quarter on UNK may well have served to confirm the opinion of some that my tendency to skepticism and dissent gets us nowhere , and that i am simply too old to hope . END
i would , however , like to suggest that , wrong though i may be , the tendency to see UNK rather than solutions is one of which i have been a victim ever since i can remember , and therefore not merely a UNK phenomenon . END
i know that one must act . END
but one need not always be sure that the action is either wise or conclusive . END
UNK of what some would call cynicism , i remember an anecdote the source of which i forget . END
it concerns a small-town minister who staged an impressive object lesson by UNK a lion and a lamb together in the same cage outside his church door . END
not only his UNK , but the whole town and , ultimately , the whole county were enormously impressed by this object lesson . END
one day he was visited by a delegation of would-be UNK who wanted to know his secret . END
`` how on earth do you manage it ? ? END
what is the trick '' ? ? END
`` why '' , he replied , `` it is perfectly simple ; ; END
there is no trick involved . END
all you have to do is put in a fresh lamb from time to time '' . END
not really , it seems to me . END
the promise that the lion and the lamb will lie down together was given in the future tense . END
it is not something that can be expected to happen now . END
without really changing the general subject , i take this opportunity to confess that i am troubled by doubts , not only about UNK , but also when asked to join in the protest against a law that most of those who consider themselves humane and liberal seem to regard as obviously UNK ; ; END
namely , the law that UNK the death penalty for murder when there seem to be no UNK circumstances . END
it is not that i am unaware of the force of their strongest contention . END
life , they say , should be regarded as sacred and , therefore , as something that neither an individual nor his society has a right to take away . END
in fact i cannot imagine myself condemning a man to the UNK or the electric chair if i had to take , as an individual , the responsibility for his death . END
just as i know i would make a bad soldier even though i cannot sincerely call myself a UNK , so too i would not be either a UNK by profession or , if i could avoid it , even a member of a hanging jury . END
despite these facts the question `` : : END
should no murderer ever be executed '' ? ? END
seems to me to create a dilemma not to be satisfactorily disposed of by a simple negative answer . END
punishment of the UNK , so liberals are inclined to say , can have only three possible UNK : revenge , reformation or deterrent example . END
for here if anywhere in contemporary literature is a major effort to UNK UNK and restore some of its former UNK to the UNK image of the species man , or , as malraux himself puts it , `` to make men conscious of the grandeur they ignore in themselves '' . END
UNK malraux's the walnut trees of altenburg was written in the early years of the second world war , during a period of enforced leisure when he was taken prisoner by the germans after the fall of france . END
the manuscript , presumably after being UNK out of the country , was published in switzerland in 1943 . END
the work as it stands is not the entire book that malraux wrote at that time -- it is only the first section of a three-part novel called la UNK UNK UNK ; ; END
and this first section was somehow preserved ( there are always these annoying little mysteries about the actual facts of malraux's life ) when the UNK destroyed the rest . END
if we are to believe the list of titles printed in malraux's latest book , la UNK des UNK , UNK 1 ( ( 1957 ) , he is still engaged in writing a large novel under his original title . END
but as he remarks in his UNK to the walnut trees , `` a novel can hardly ever be UNK '' , and `` when this one appears in its final form , the form of the first part will no doubt be radically changed '' . END
malraux UNK , perhaps with a trifle too self-conscious a modesty , that his fragmentary work will accordingly `` appeal only to the curiosity of UNK '' and `` to UNK of what might have been '' . END
even in its present form , however , the first part of malraux's UNK novel is among the greatest works of UNK century literature ; ; END
and it should be far better known than it is . END
the theme of the walnut trees of altenburg is most closely related to its immediate predecessor in malraux's array of novels : man's hope ( 1937 ) . END
this magnificent but greatly UNK book , which bodies forth the very form and pressure of its time as no other comparable creation , has suffered severely from having been written about an historical event -- the spanish civil war -- that is still capable of fanning the UNK fires of old political UNK . END
even so apparently impartial a critic as w. h. UNK has taken for granted that the book was originally intended as a piece of UNK propaganda ; ; END
and has then gone on to argue , with UNK consistency , that all the obviously UNK aspects of the book are simply UNK `` contradictions '' . END
nothing , however , could be farther from the truth . END
the whole purpose of man's hope is to portray the tragic dialectic between means and ends inherent in all organized political violence -- and even when such violence is a necessary and legitimate UNK of liberty , justice and human dignity . END
nowhere before in malraux's pages have we met such impassioned defenders of a `` quality of man '' which transcends the realm of politics and even the realm of action altogether -- both the action of malraux's early UNK like UNK and UNK , and the UNK action of dedicated communists like UNK UNK and UNK in man's fate . END
`` man engages only a small part of himself in an action '' says old UNK the UNK ; ; END
`` and the more the action claims to be total , the smaller is the part of man engaged '' . END
these lines never cease to haunt the book UNK all the UNK of combat , and to make an appeal for a larger and more elemental human community than one based on the brutal necessities of war . END
it is this larger theme of the `` quality of man '' , a quality that transcends the ideological and flows into `` the human '' , which now forms the UNK heart of malraux's artistic universe . END
malraux , to be sure , does not abandon the world of violence , combat and sudden death which has become his UNK as a creative artist , and which is the only world , apparently , in which his imagination can flame into life . END
the walnut trees of altenburg includes not one war but two , and throws in a turkish revolution along with some guerrilla fighting in the desert for good measure . END
but while war still serves as a UNK for the values that malraux wishes to express , these values are no longer linked with the triumph or defeat of any cause -- whether that of an individual assertion of the UNK , or a collective attempt to escape from the humiliation of oppression -- as their necessary condition . END
on the contrary , the frenzy and UNK of combat is only the UNK foil against which the sudden UNK of the human flash forth with the UNK UNK of a UNK . END
the walnut trees of altenburg is composed in the form of a UNK , with the two small side panels framing and UNK the main central episode of the novel . END
this central episode consists of a series of staccato scenes set in the period from the beginning of the present century up to the first world war . END
the framing scenes , on the other hand , both take place in the late spring of 1940 , just at the moment of the defeat of france in the second great world conflict . END
the narrator is an UNK serving with the french army , and he has the same name ( berger ) that malraux himself was later to use in the resistance ; ; END
like malraux he was also serving in the tank corps before being captured , and we learn as well that in civilian life he had been a writer . END
these biographical analogies are obvious , and far too much time has been spent speculating on their possible implications . END
much more important is to grasp the feelings of the narrator ( whose full name is never given ) as he becomes aware of the disorganized and bewildered mass of french prisoners clustered together in a temporary prison camp in and around the cathedral of UNK . END
for as his companions gradually dissolve back into a state of primitive confrontation with elemental necessity , as they lose all the UNK of their acquired culture , he is overcome by the feeling that he is at last being confronted with the essence of mankind . END
`` as a writer , by what have i been obsessed these last ten years , if not by mankind ? ? END
here i am face to face with the primeval stuff '' . END
the intuition about mankind conveyed in these opening pages is of crucial importance for understanding the remainder of the text ; ; END
and we must attend to it more closely than has usually been done . END
what does the narrator see and what does he feel ? ? END
a good many pages of the first section are taken up with an account of the UNK determination of the prisoners to write to their wives and families -- even when it becomes clear that the germans are simply allowing the letters to blow away in the wind . END
awkwardly and UNK , in stiff , UNK phrases , the soldiers continue to bridge the distance between themselves and those they love ; ; END
they instinctively struggle to keep open a road to the future in their hearts . END
and by a skillful and UNK use of imagery ( the enclosure is called a `` UNK stockade '' , the hastily erected UNK is a `` UNK UNK '' , the men begin to look like `` UNK UNK '' and to acquire `` gothic faces '' ) , malraux projects a fresco of human endurance -- which is also the endurance of the human -- stretching backward into the dark abyss of time . END
the narrator feels himself catching a glimpse of UNK , learning of man's `` age-old familiarity with misfortune '' , as well as his `` equally age-old ingenuity , his secret faith in endurance , however UNK with catastrophes , the same faith perhaps as the UNK used to have in the face of UNK '' . END
this new vision of man that the narrator UNK is also accompanied by a UNK of his previous view . END
`` i thought i knew more than my education had taught me , '' notes the narrator , `` because i had encountered the militant mobs of a political or religious faith '' . END
is this not malraux himself UNK to his own earlier infatuation with the ideological ? ? END
but now he knows `` that an intellectual is not only a man to whom books are necessary , he is any man whose reasoning , however elementary it may be , affects and directs his life '' . END
from this point of view the `` militant mobs '' of the past , stirred into action by one ideology or another , were all composed of `` intellectuals '' -- and this is not the level on which the essence of mankind can be discovered . END
the men around him , observes the narrator , `` have been living from day to day for thousands of years '' . END
the human is deeper than a mass ideology , certainly deeper than the isolated individual ; ; END
and the narrator recalls the words of his father , vincent berger : `` it is not by any amount of scratching at the individual that one finally comes down to mankind '' . END
the entire middle section of the walnut trees is taken up with the life of vincent berger himself , whose fragmentary notes on his `` encounters with mankind '' are now conveyed by his son . END
`` he was not much older than myself , '' writes the narrator , `` when he began to feel the impact of that human mystery which now UNK me , and which makes me begin , perhaps , to understand him '' . END
for the figure of vincent berger malraux has obviously drawn on his studies of t. e. lawrence ( though berger fights on the side of the turks instead of against them ) , and like both lawrence and malraux himself he is a fervent UNK of UNK . END
a professor at the university of UNK , where his first course of lectures was on UNK and the `` philosophy of action '' , vincent berger becomes head of the propaganda department of the german embassy in turkey . END
as an UNK before the first world war he was of course of german UNK ; ; END
but he quickly involves himself in the young turk revolutionary movement to such an extent that his own country begins to doubt his patriotism . END
and , after becoming the right-hand man of enver UNK , he is sent by the latter to UNK the way for a new turkish empire embracing `` the union of all turks throughout central asia from UNK to the chinese UNK on the silk trade route '' . END
vincent berger's mission is a failure because the UNK nationalism on which enver UNK counted does not exist . END
central asia is sunk in a UNK from which nothing can awaken it ; ; END
and amid a dusty desolation in which nothing human any longer seemed to survive , vincent berger begins to dream of the UNK . END
`` oh , for the green of europe ! ! END
trains whistling in the night , the rattle and UNK of UNK . END
'' finally , after almost being beaten to death by a UNK -- he could not fight back because UNK are sacred to UNK -- he throws up his mission and returns to europe . END
this has been his first encounter with mankind , and , although he has now become a legendary figure in the popular european press , it leaves him profoundly dissatisfied . END
despite berger's report , enver UNK refuses to surrender his dream of a turkish blood alliance ; ; END
and vincent berger learns that political ambition is more apt to hide than to reveal the truth about men . END
but as he UNK shortly , on returning among intellectuals obsessed by le UNK du UNK , his experience of action had also taught him a more positive lesson . END
`` for six years my father had had to do too much commanding and convincing , '' writes the narrator , `` not to understand that man begins with ' the other ' '' . END
and when vincent berger returns to europe , this first result of his encounters with mankind is considerably UNK and UNK by a crucial revelation . END
for a UNK sense of illumination occurs in consequence of two events which , as so often in malraux , suddenly confront a character with the existential question of the nature and value of human life . END
one such event is the landing in europe itself , when the mingled familiarity and UNK of the UNK , after the blank UNK of asia , shocks the returning UNK into a realization of the infinite possibilities of human life . END
in a pessimistic assessment of the cold war , eden declared : `` there must be much closer unity within the west before there can be effective negotiation with the east '' . END
ordinary methods of diplomacy within the free world are inadequate , said the former prime minister . END
`` something much more thorough is required '' . END
UNK the experience of the combined chiefs of staff in world war 2 , , eden said that all would have been confusion and UNK without them . END
`` this '' , he said , `` is exactly what has been happening between the politically free nations in the postwar world . END
we need joint chiefs of a political general staff '' . END
UNK the advances of communist power in recent years , sir anthony observed : `` this very grave state of affairs will continue until the free nations accept together the reality of the danger that confronts them and unite their policies and resources to meet it '' . END
while i fully agree with sir UNK contention , i think that we must carry the analysis farther , bearing in mind that while common peril may be the measure of our need , the existence or absence of a positive sense of community must be the measure of our capacity . END
while it is hazardous to project the trend of history , it seems clear that a genuine community is painfully emerging in the western world , particularly among the countries of western europe . END
at the end of world war 2 , , free europe was ready for a new beginning . END
the UNK of nationalism had brought down upon europe a generation of tyranny and war , and a return to the old order of things seemed UNK . END
under these conditions a new generation of europeans began to discover the bonds of long association and shared values that for so long had been subordinated to nationalist UNK . END
a slow and painful trend toward unification has taken hold , a trend which may at any time be arrested and reversed but which may also lead to a binding federation of europe . END
it may well be that the unification of europe will prove inadequate , that the survival of free society will require nothing less than the confederation of the entire western world . END
the movement toward european unity has been expressed in two currents : UNK and UNK , one looking to the constitution of a united states of europe , the other building on wartime UNK of practical cooperation for the solution of specific problems . END
thus far the advances made have been almost entirely along functional lines . END
many factors contributed to the growth of the european movement . END
in 1946 sir winston churchill , who had spoken often of european union during the war , advocated the formation of `` a kind of united states of europe '' . END
had churchill been returned to office in 1945 , it is just possible that britain , instead of standing UNK aloof , would have led europe toward union . END
in 1947 and 1948 the necessity of massive coordinated efforts to achieve economic recovery led to the formation of the organization for european economic cooperation to supervise and coordinate the uses of american aid under the marshall plan . END
the united states might well have exploited the opportunity provided by the european recovery program to push the UNK european nations toward political federation as well as economic cooperation , but all proposals to this effect were rejected by the united states government at the time . END
another powerful factor in the european movement was the threat of soviet aggression . END
the communist coup in czechoslovakia in 1948 was followed immediately by the conclusion of the UNK treaty , a UNK alliance among britain , france and the UNK countries . END
and of course the soviet threat was responsible for nato , the grand alliance of the atlantic nations . END
new organs of unification UNK in the decade following the conclusion of the nato alliance . END
in 1949 the council of europe came into existence , a purely UNK parliamentary body but the first organ of political rather than functional unity . END
in 1952 , the european coal and steel community was launched , placing the coal and steel production of france , west germany , italy and UNK under a UNK high authority . END
for a time it appeared that a common european army might be created , but the project for a european defense community was rejected by the french national assembly in 1954 . END
in 1957 the UNK approach to european integration was UNK by the formation among `` the six '' of a UNK european common market , and UNK for cooperation in the development of atomic energy . END
the `` overseas '' UNK have generally encouraged the european unification movement without seriously considering the wisdom of their own full participation in a broader atlantic community . END
the united states and canada belong only to nato and the new o.e.c.d. . END
britain until recently went along in some areas with all of the enthusiasm of the groom at a shotgun wedding . END
in other areas it held back , pleading its commonwealth bonds . END
now britain has decided to seek admission to the european economic community and it seems certain that she will be joined by some of her partners in the loose free trade area of the `` outer seven '' . END
besides its historical significance as a break with the UNK tradition of british UNK , britain's move , if successful , will constitute an historic UNK of the first importance in the movement toward the unification of europe and the western world . END
if a broader atlantic community is to be formed -- and my own judgment is that it lies within the realm of both our needs and our capacity -- a ready nucleus of machinery is at hand in the nato alliance . END
the time is now ripe , indeed UNK , for the vigorous development of its UNK potentialities , for its development as an instrument of atlantic community . END
what is required is the full implementation of article 2 of the treaty , which provides : `` the parties will contribute toward the further development of peaceful and friendly international relations by strengthening their free institutions , by bringing about a better understanding of the principles upon which these institutions are founded , and by promoting conditions of stability and well-being . END
they will seek to eliminate conflict in their international economic policies and will encourage economic collaboration between any and all of them '' . END
as lester pearson wrote in 1955 : : END
`` nato cannot live on fear alone . END
it cannot become the source of a real atlantic community if it remains organized to deal only with the military threat which first brought it into being '' . END
the problem of nato is not one of machinery , of which there is an abundance , but of the will to use it . END
the nato council is available as an executive agency , the standing group as a high military authority . END
the unofficial conference of UNK is available as a potential legislative authority . END
this machinery will not become the instrument of an atlantic community by fiat , but only when that community UNK from UNK to reality . END
the existence of a community is a state of mind -- a conviction that goals and values are widely shared , that effective communication is possible , that mutual trust is reasonably assured . END
an equally promising avenue toward atlantic community may lie through the development and expansion of the o.e.c.d. . END
conceived as an organ of economic cooperation , there is no reason why o.e.c.d. cannot evolve into a broader instrument of union if its members so desire . END
indeed it might be a more appropriate vehicle than nato for the development of a parliamentary organ of the atlantic nations , because it could encompass all of the members of the atlantic community including those , like sweden and switzerland , who are unwilling to be associated with an essentially military alliance like aj . END
underlying these hopes and UNK is a conviction that the nations of the north atlantic area do indeed form a community , at least a potential community . END
there is nothing new in this ; ; END
what is new and compelling is that the west is now but one of several powerful civilizations , or `` systems '' , and that one or more of the others may pose a mortal danger to the west . END
for centuries the north atlantic nations dominated the world and as long as they did they could afford the luxury of fighting each other . END
that time is now past and the atlantic nations , if they are to survive , must develop a UNK community , and they must also look beyond the frontiers of `` western civilization '' toward a world-wide `` concert of free nations '' . END
the burden of these reflections is that a broader unity among the free nations is at the core of our needs . END
and if we do not UNK to too much , it is also within our capacity . END
a realistic balancing of the need for new forms of international organization on the one hand , and our capacity to achieve them on the other , must be approached through the concept of `` community '' . END
history has demonstrated many times that concerts of nations based solely on the negative spur of common danger are unlikely to survive when the external danger UNK to be dramatically urgent . END
only when a concert of nations rests on the positive foundations of shared goals and values is it likely to form a viable instrument of long-range policy . END
it follows that the solution to the current UNK of the free nations is only to a very limited extent a matter of UNK new machinery of consultation and coordination . END
it is very much a matter of building the foundations of community . END
it is for these reasons that proposals for a `` new world order '' , through radical UNK of the united nations or through some sort of world federation , are utterly UNK . END
in a recent book called `` world peace through world law '' , two distinguished lawyers , UNK clark and louis UNK , call for just such an UNK of the u.n. , basing their case on the world-wide fear of a nuclear holocaust . END
i believe that these proposals , however UNK in terms of world needs , go far beyond our capacity to realize them . END
such proposals look to an apocalyptic act , a kind of UNK `` social contract '' on a world-wide scale . END
the UNK of these proposals is in their attempt to outrun history and their assumption that because something may be desirable it is also possible . END
a working concept of the organic evolution of community must lead us in a different direction . END
the failures of the u.n. and of other international organs suggest that we have already gone beyond what was internationally feasible . END
our problem , therefore , is to devise processes more modest in their aspirations , adjusted to the real world of sovereign nation states and diverse and hostile communities . END
the history of the u.n. demonstrates that in a UNK world we must develop processes of influence and persuasion rather than coercion . END
it is possible that international organization will ultimately UNK the UNK system , but its proper function for the immediate future is to reform and supplement that system in order to render UNK more compatible with an interdependent world . END
new machinery of coordination should not be our primary objective in the foreseeable future -- though perhaps the `` political general staff '' of western leaders proposed by sir anthony eden would serve a useful purpose . END
generally , however , there is an abundance of available machinery of coordination -- in nato , in o.e.c.d. , in the u.n. and elsewhere . END
the trouble with this machinery is that it is not used and the reason that it is not used is the absence of a conscious sense of community among the free nations . END
our proper objective , then , is the development of a new spirit , the realization of a potential community . END
a `` concert of free nations '' should take its inspiration from the traditions of the nineteenth century concert of europe with its common values and accepted `` rules of the game '' . END
constitutions of and by themselves mean little ; ; END
the history of both the league of nations and the united nations demonstrates that . END
but a powerful sense of community , even with little or no machinery , means a great deal . END
that is the lesson of the nineteenth century . END
a realistic `` concert of free nations '' might be expected to consist of an `` inner community '' of the north atlantic nations and an `` outer community '' embracing much or all of the UNK world . END
the recent experiments in the new poetry-and-jazz movement seen by some as part of the `` san francisco renaissance '' have been as popular as they are notorious . END
`` it might well start a UNK like UNK UNK or UNK golf '' , wrote kenneth rexroth in an explanatory note in the UNK review , and he may have been right . END
under the general heading `` poetry-and-jazz '' widely divergent experiments have been carried out . END
lawrence UNK and bruce UNK have concentrated on writing a new poetry for reading with jazz that is very closely related to both the musical forms of jazz , and the vocabulary of the musician . END
even musicians themselves have taken to writing poetry . END
( judy tristano now has poems as well as ballads written for her . END
but the best known UNK of the new medium are kenneth rexroth and kenneth patchen . END
rexroth and patchen are far apart UNK and UNK in their experiments . END
rexroth is a UNK jazz buff , a UNK of jazz heroes , and a student of traditional as well as modern jazz . END
in san francisco he has worked with brew moore , charlie UNK , and other `` swinging '' musicians of secure reputation , thus placing himself within established jazz traditions , in addition to being a part of the san francisco `` school '' . END
although patchen has given previous evidence of an interest in jazz , the musical group that he works with , the chamber jazz sextet , is often ignored by jazz critics . END
( UNK did not mention the los angeles appearance of patchen and the sextet , although the engagement lasted over two months . END
) the stated goal of the UNK is the synthesis of jazz and `` serious '' music . END
patchen's musicians are outsiders in established jazz circles , and patchen himself has remained outside the san francisco poetry group , maintaining a self-imposed isolation , even though his conversion to poetry-and-jazz is not as extreme or as sudden as it may first appear . END
he had read his poetry with musicians as early as 1951 , and his entire career has been characterized by radical experiments with the form and presentation of his poetry . END
however , his subject matter and basic themes have remained surprisingly consistent , and these , together with certain key poetic images , may be traced through all his work , including the new jazz experiments . END
from the beginning of his career , patchen has adopted an UNK approach to poetry . END
his first book , before the brave ( 1936 ) , is a collection of poems that are almost all UNK , but after publication of this book he rejected communism , and advocated a UNK anarchy , though retaining his revolutionary idiom . END
he spoke for a `` UNK '' that included `` all the lost and sick and hunted of the earth '' . END
patchen believes that the world is being destroyed by UNK and UNK people . END
running counter to the destroying forces in the world are all the virtues that are innate in man , the capacity for love and brotherhood , the ability to appreciate beauty . END
beauty as well as love is UNK , and patchen UNK a kind of moral salvation . END
this salvation does not take the form of a christian heaven . END
in patchen's eyes , organized churches are as UNK as organized governments , and christian symbols , having been taken over by the UNK classes , are now agents of corruption . END
patchen UNK a dark kingdom which `` stands above the waters as a UNK warning man of danger from his own kind '' . END
the dark kingdom sends angels of death and other UNK UNK down to us with stern tenderness . END
actually heaven and the dark kingdom overlap ; ; END
they form two aspects of heavenly life after death . END
patchen has almost never used strict poetic forms ; ; END
he has experimented instead with personal UNK . END
much of his earlier work was conceived in terms of a `` UNK '' myth reference , which is concerned with imaginary places and beings described in UNK and UNK language . END
these early experiments were evidently not altogether satisfying to patchen . END
beginning in cloth of the UNK ( 1943 ) he experimented in merging poetry and visual art , using drawings to carry long narrative segments of a story , as in UNK awake , and constructing elaborate `` UNK '' in which it is impossible to distinguish between the `` art '' and the poetry . END
art `` makings '' or UNK myths did not meet all of patchen's requirements for a poetic frame of reference . END
many of his poems purported to be exactly contemporary and political ; ; END
so during the period approximately from 1941 to 1946 , patchen often used private detective stories as a myth reference , and the `` private eye '' as a myth hero . END
speaking in terms of sociological stereotype , the `` private eye '' might appeal to the poet in search of a myth for many reasons . END
the private detective ( at least in the minds of listeners and readers all over the country ) is an individual hero fighting injustice . END
he is usually something of an UNK , he must battle the organized police force as well as recognized criminals . END
the private detective must rely , as the youngest son or UNK hero does in primitive myth , on his wits . END
the private detective is militant against injustice , a humorous and ironic explorer of the underworld ; ; END
most important to patchen , he was a UNK hero , and very contemporary . END
in 1945 , probably almost every american not only knew who sam spade was , but had some kind of emotional feeling about him . END
in the memoirs of a shy UNK ( 1945 ) patchen exploited this national sentiment by making his hero , albert budd , a private detective . END
but since 1945 , sam spade has undergone a UNK ; ; END
he has become friday on UNK , a mouthpiece of arbitrary police authority . END
he has , like so many other secular and religious culture symbols , gone over to the side of the ruling classes . END
obviously , the `` private eye '' can have no more appeal for patchen . END
to fill the job of contemporary hero in 1955 , patchen needed someone else . END
it was logical that he would come up with the figure of the modern jazz musician . END
the revolution in jazz that took place around 1949 , the evolution from the `` UNK '' school of dizzy UNK to the `` cool '' sound of miles davis and UNK tristano , lee UNK , and the whole legend of charlie parker , had made an impression on many academic and literary men . END
the differentiation between the east coast and west coast schools of jazz , the differences between the `` hard UNK '' school of UNK , and the `` cerebral '' experiments of tristano , UNK and marsh , the general differences in the mores of white and negro musicians , all had become fairly well known to certain segments of the public . END
the immense amount of interest that the new jazz had for the younger generation must have impressed him , and he began working toward the merger of jazz and poetry , as he had previously attempted the union of graphic art and poetry . END
in addition to his experiments in reading poetry to jazz , patchen is beginning to use the figure of the modern jazz musician as a myth hero in the same way he used the figure of the private detective a decade ago . END
in this respect , his approach to poetry-and-jazz is in marked contrast to kenneth UNK . END
rexroth uses many of his early poems when he reads to jazz , including many of his chinese and japanese UNK ; ; END
he usually draws some kind of comparison with the jazz tradition and the poem he is reading -- for instance , he draws the parallel between a poem he reads about an oriental UNK waiting for the man she loves , and who never comes , and the old blues UNK of ma rainy and other negro singers -- but usually the comparison is UNK . END
rexroth may sometimes achieve an effective UNK , but he rarely makes any effort to capture any jazz `` feeling '' in the text of his poems , relying on his very competent musicians to supply this feeling . END
patchen does read some of his earlier works to music , but he has written an entire book of short poems which seem to be especially suited for reading with jazz . END
these new poems have only a few direct references to jazz and jazz musicians , but they show changes in patchen's approach to his poetry , for he has tried to enter into and understand the emotional attitude of the jazz musician . END
it is difficult to draw the line between stereotype and the reality of the jazz musician . END
everyone knows that private detectives in real life are not like sam spade and pat UNK , but the real and the imaginary musician are closely linked . END
seen by the public , the musician is the UNK par excellence . END
he is forced to play for little money , and must often take another job to live . END
his approach to music is highly individualistic ; ; END
the accent is on UNK rather than arrangements . END
while he is worldly , the musician often UNK public attitudes of childlike astonishment and UNK . END
the musician is UNK and UNK ; ; END
he is far from being a literary hero , yet is a creative artist . END
many of these aspects will be seen as comparable to those of the ideal detective , but where the detective is active and militant , the jazz musician is passive , almost a victim of society . END
in order to write with authority either about musicians , or as a musician , patchen would have to soft pedal his characteristically outspoken anger , and change ( at least for the purposes of this poetry ) from a revolutionary to a victim . END
he must become one who knows all about the injustice in the world , but who declines doing anything about it . END
this involves a shift in patchen's attitude and it is a first step toward writing a new jazz poetry . END
he has shown considerable ingenuity in UNK his earliest symbols and devices to the new work , and the fact that he has kept a body of constant symbols through all of his experiments gives an unexpected continuity to his poetry . END
perhaps tracing some of these more important symbols through the body of his work will show that patchen's new poetry is well thought out , and remains within the UNK of his work , while being suited to a new form . END
henry miller characterized patchen as a `` man of anger and light '' . END
his revolutionary anger is apparent in most of his early poems . END
the following passage from `` the UNK great hands '' illustrates the directness of this anger . END
`` anger won't help . END
i was born angry . END
angry that my father was being burnt alive in the mills ; ; END
angry that none of us knew anything but UNK and poverty . END
angry because i was that very one somebody was supposed to be fighting for '' . END
this angry and UNK stance which patchen has maintained in his poetry for almost fifteen years has been successfully UNK into a kind of woe that is as effective as anger and still expresses his disapproval of the modern world . END
in his recent book , UNK for anything ( 1957 ) , one of the most important short poems -- and it is the title poem for one of the long jazz arrangements -- is written for recital with jazz . END
although it does not follow the UNK rules for a blues to be sung , the phrases themselves carry a blues feeling . END
`` i went to the city and there i did weep , men UNK like UNK , and living like sheep . END
oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! END
can't hold her little white han' ! ! END
yes , i went to the city , and there i did bitterly cry , men out of touch with the earth , and with never a glance at the sky . END
oh , can't hold the han' of my love ! ! END
can't hold her pure little han' ! ! END
'' patchen is still the rebel , but he writes in a UNK , UNK tone . END
neither of these poems is an UNK ; ; END
each is so typical that it represents a prominent trend in the poet's development . END
patchen is repeatedly preoccupied with death . END
in many of his poems , death comes by train : a strongly UNK visual image . END
perhaps patchen was once involved in a train accident , and this passage from first will and testament may have been how the accident appeared to the poet when he first saw it -- if he did : `` END
lord , love us , look at all the disconnected limbs floating UNK , like bloody feathers at that -- and all the eyes are talking and all the hair are moving and all the tongue are in all the cheek . END
let us see just how typical krim is . END
he is new UNK and jewish . END
he spent one year at the university of north carolina because thomas wolfe went there . END
he returned to new york to work for the new yorker , to UNK a western pulp , to `` duck the war in the UNK '' , to write publicity for paramount pictures and commentary for a UNK , then he began his career as critic for various magazines . END
now he has abandoned all that to be a writer . END
i do not want to UNK about UNK ; ; END
in a certain sense , one manner of experience will be typical of any given group while another will not . END
but i've got news for krim : he's not typical , he's pretty special . END
his may UNK a certain kind of postwar new york experience , but his experience is certainly not typical of his `` UNK '' . END
in any case , who ever thought that new york is typical of anything ? ? END
men of krim's age , aspirations , and level of sophistication were typically involved in politics before the war . END
they did not `` duck the war '' but they fought in it , however reluctantly ; ; END
they UNK out some kind of formal education ; ; END
they read widely and UNK ; ; END
they did not fall into UNK jobs on UNK magazines , but they did whatever nasty thing they could get in order to eat ; ; END
they found out who they were and what they could do , then within the limits of their talent they did it . END
they did not worry about `` experience '' , because experience thrust itself upon them . END
and they traveled out of new york . END
only a native new yorker could believe that new york is now or ever was a literary center . END
it is a publishing and public relations center , but these very facts prevent it from being a literary center because writers dislike UNK and UNK . END
krim's UNK consists only in his new UNK view that new york is the world ; ; END
he displays what UNK call the new york mind , a state that the subject is necessarily unable to perceive in himself . END
the new york mind is two parts abstraction and one part UNK about the rest of the country and in fact the world . END
in his UNK against the literary world , krim is really struggling with the new yorker in himself , but it's a losing battle . END
closely related to his illusions about his UNK is krim's complicated feeling about his UNK . END
he writes , `` most of my friends and i were jewish ; ; END
we were also literary ; ; END
the combination of the jewish intellectual tradition and the sensibility needed to be a writer created in my circle the most potent and incredible UNK ambition i have ever seen or could ever have imagined . END
within themselves , just as people , my friends were often tortured and UNK bitter about being the offspring of this unhappily UNK breed ; ; END
their reading and thinking gave an extension to their normal UNK about appearing ' jewish ' in subway , bus , UNK , movie house , any of the public places that used to make the jew of my generation self-conscious ( heavy thinkers walking across seventh avenue without their glasses on , willing to dare the trucks as long as they didn't look like the UNK UNK of the yiddish intellectual ) . END
'' at other points in his narrative , krim associates UNK with UNK literary ambition , with abstraction , with his personal turning aside from the good , the true , and the beautiful of fiction in the manner of james t. farrell to the international , the false , and the UNK . END
krim says , in short , that he is a suffering jew . END
the only possible answer to that is , i am a suffering UNK . END
we all love to suffer , but some of us love to suffer more than others . END
had krim gone farther from new york than chapel hill , he might have discovered that large numbers of american jews do not find his new york version of the UNK lot remotely recognizable . END
more important is the simple human point that all men suffer , and that it is a kind of UNK pride on the part of the jew to believe that his suffering is more poignant than mine or anyone else's . END
this is not to deny the existence of UNK and ghettos , but only to assert that these horrors have had an effect on the nerves of people who did not experience them , that among the various side effects is the local hysteria of jewish writers and intellectuals who cry out from confusion , which they call oppression and pain . END
in their stupidity and UNK they believe they are called upon to remind the gentile continually of UNK and ghettos . END
some of us have imagination and sensibility too . END
finally , there is the undeniable fact that some of the finest american fiction is being written by jews , but it is not jewish fiction ; ; END
UNK bellow and bernard UNK , through intellectual toughness , perception , through experience in fact , have obviously liberated themselves from any sentimental krim self-indulgence they might have been tempted to . END
krim's main attack is upon the aesthetic and the publishing apparatus of american literary culture in our day . END
krim was able to get an advance for a novel , and time and opportunity to write at UNK , but it was no good . END
`` i had natural sock '' , he says , ' as a storyteller and was UNK good at description , dialogue , and most of the other UNK of the UNK trade but i was UNK by a mammoth complex of thoughts and feelings that prevented me from doing more than just UNK the surface of sustained UNK '' . END
and again , `` how can you write when you haven't yet read ' UNK the UNK ' '' ? ? END
krim came to believe that `` the novel as a form had UNK its vital meaning '' . END
his `` articulate jewish friends '' convinced him that education ( read `` reading '' ) was `` a must '' . END
he moved in a `` highly intellectual '' group in greenwich village in the late forties , becoming `` UNK '' overnight . END
then followed a period in which he wrote reviews for the new york times book review , the UNK , commentary , had a small piece in partisan review , and moved on to hudson , the village voice , and exodus . END
the work for UNK was more satisfying than work for commentary `` because of the UNK UNK fear of making a UNK '' . END
commentary was a mere suburb of partisan review , the UNK . END
both magazines were `` rigid with reactionary UNK s. UNK UNK ? ? END
'' partisan has failed , krim says , for being `` UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK alienated '' from the u.s. . END
it was `` the creation of a monstrous historical period wherein it thought it had to UNK literature and politics and avant-garde art of every kind with its writers crazily trying to UNK each other in UNK UNK . END
'' UNK , UNK , and hudson operated in an `` UNK new critical chill '' ; ; END
their example caused krim and his friends to put on `` UNK UNK , affect all sorts of impressive scholarship and UNK UNK in order to slip through their narrow UNK and get into their pages '' . END
UNK UNK UNK , as the french jewish intellectuals used to say . END
through all this UNK , krim is performing a traditional and by now boring rite , the attack on intelligence , upon the largely successful attempt of the magazines he UNK to liberate american writing from local color and other varieties of romantic corn . END
god knows that partisan and the rest often were , and remain , guilty of intellectual UNK . END
sociological jargon , UNK UNK to english , UNK but UNK fiction , and UNK to common sense have often disfigured partisan , and in lesser degree , the other magazines on the list . END
what krim ignores , in his contempt for history and for accuracy , is that these magazines , partisan foremost , brought about a genuine revolution in the american mind from the UNK to approximately 1950 . END
the most obvious characteristic of contemporary american writing , apart from the beat nonsense , is its UNK . END
the process of UNK had begun in earnest about 1912 , but the first war and the depression virtually stalled that process in its tracks . END
without the good magazines , without their book reviews , their hospitality to european writers , without above all their awareness of literary standards , we might very well have had a generation of krim's heroes -- UNK , UNK , UNK , and i might add , UNK and UNK and UNK in verse -- and then where would we be ? ? END
screwed , UNK , and UNK , as krim might say after reading a book about sailors . END
when partisan and UNK set up shop , UNK was still accepted as an arbiter of taste ( remember UNK ? ? END
) , george jean nathan and alexander UNK were honored in odd quarters , and the whole booth UNK , UNK UNK ( UNK ) , ) pearl , buck , , amy lowell , william UNK UNK atmosphere lay thick as los angeles UNK END
over , the , country -- . END
politics , economics , sociology -- the entire area of life that lies `` between '' -- literature and what krim calls experience -- urgently needed to be dug into . END
the universities certainly were not doing it , nor were the popular magazines of the day . END
this partisan above all did ; ; END
if it had never printed a word of literature its contribution to the UNK area would still be historic . END
but it did print good verse and good fiction . END
if , the editors sometimes , dozed and printed pretentious , new , UNK , dross , they , also printed , malraux , , UNK , , UNK , , UNK , bellow , , robert lowell , francis UNK , mary mccarthy , UNK schwartz , UNK , elizabeth UNK , eleanor clark , , and a host of , other good writers . END
partisan review and the other literary magazines helped to educate , in the best sense , an entire generation . END
that these magazines also UNK the UNK of the world is unfortunate but inevitable . END
it is a fact of life that magazines are edited by groups : they have to be or they wouldn't be published at all . END
and it is also a fact of life that there will always ( be UNK UNK people around , who will be UNK by the glitter of what looks like a literary movement . END
( there are no ) literary movements , `` there are only writers doing their work . END
literary movements are the '' , creation of UNK who live off writers . END
) when krim says mine was as severe a UNK , environment as can be imagined , he is off his rocker . END
he indicates that he has none of the , disciplines that criticism requires , including education ; ; END
the result was his inevitable UNK through , ignorance . END
he wasn't being , `` educated in '' those village UNK , as he claims . END
no one was ever educated through UNK in anything other than , to quote him again , `` UNK UNK . END
only '' a new york UNK would expect to find the literary life in greenwich village , at any point , later than walt UNK day . END
the highly intellectual minds that krim says he encountered , in the village did their work in spite of , , not because of , any village atmosphere . END
but krim's complaint is important because not only in new york , but in other cities and in universities throughout this country , young and not , so young men at END
this moment are being UNK by UNK ideas . END
those who have quality will outgrow `` the experience ; ; END
the '' , rest will turn beat , or into dentists , or into beat , dentists . END
for the sad truth is that while one might write well without having read UNK the UNK , one is more likely , to write well if one has `` read it , and much else . END
the most appalling aspect of krim's piece is his reflection of the beat aesthetic . END
he mentions the beats only once '' , when he refers to their having revived through mere power and abandonment and the unwillingness to , commit death in life some idea of a decent equivalent between verbal expression and actual experience , , but the entire narrative , is written in the UNK vocabulary `` of '' that lost `` and '' dying cause , `` and in the '' `` sprung syntax that is supposed to UNK , our mother , tongue . END
krim's ( aesthetic combines UNK , conscious and unconscious UNK ) '' , and a UNK reliance `` upon the '' , natural and upon experience . END
ideas are the UNK to nowhere . END
my `` UNK , had , been strictly '' literature and , UNK enough , american literature ( because that was what i wanted to write ) . END
he UNK to something called direct writing , and he finds that criticism gets in the way of his UNK , UNK , imaginative bounce . END
there had been signs and UNK like the regular UNK over and UNK of the bust of lauro di bosis near the villa UNK and in the UNK . END
something was happening all right , slowly it is true , but you could feel it . END
the italians felt it . END
an italian poet had noticed UNK policemen lounging around the area of UNK palace , the first time since the war . END
at least they hadn't stepped up and asked to see papers in the hated , flat , dialect UNK of UNK home district -- UNK , per UNK . END
but , who knew , that might be coming one of these days . END
there were other italians who still bore scars they had earned in police station UNK , resisting . END
they laughed and , true to national form and manners , never talked long or solemnly on any subject at all , but some of them worried out loud about short memories and ghosts . END
we saw UNK UNK at a party once in a while , tall , lean , nervous and handsome , and , in our opinion , the best novelist of them all except UNK , and UNK is dead . END
UNK the sky is red had been a small masterpiece and in its special way the best book to come out of the war . END
now he was married to a beautiful girl , had a small son , and lived in an expensive apartment and worked for the movies . END
on his desk was a slowly UNK treatment and script of the count of monte UNK . END
on his UNK were some of the latest american novels , including UNK seize the day , but he hadn't read them ( they were sent by american publishers ) and wasn't especially interested in what the american writers were up to . END
he was interested in robert UNK the man without qualities . END
so were a lot of other people . END
he was interested in UNK UNK . END
he was thinking his way into a new novel , a big one , one that people had been waiting for . END
it was going to be hard going all the way because he hadn't written seriously for a while , except for a few stories , was tired of the old method of UNK he had so successfully used in the sky is red . END
this one was going to be different . END
he had bought a little piece of property down along the coast of the hard country of UNK that he knew so well . END
he was going to do one or two more films for cash and then chuck it all , leave rome and its intellectual UNK and UNK life , go back to UNK . END
UNK seemed worried , too . END
he knew all about it and had put it down in journal form in the war in a black shirt , a wonderful book not , for some strange reason , published in the u.s. . END
he knew all about the appeal of a black shirt and UNK to a poor , southern , peasant boy . END
he knew all about the infection and the fever , and , too , the moment of realization when he saw for himself , threw up his hands and quit , ended the war as a prisoner in texas . END
UNK knew all about UNK . END
so did his friend , the young novelist UNK . END
UNK is tough and UNK and adventurous , says what he thinks . END
he had put it down in a war novel , the day of the lion . END
these people were not talking much about it , but you , a foreigner , sensed their apprehension and disappointment . END
so there we were talking around and about it . END
the english lady said she had to go to vienna for a while . END
it was a pity because she had planned to lay a wreath at the foot of the garibaldi statue , towering over rome in spectacular UNK from the UNK of the UNK . END
around that statue in the green park where children play and lovers walk in UNK and there is a glowing view of the whole city , in that park are the rows of marble UNK of garibaldi's fallen men , the ones who one day rushed out of the UNK san UNK and , under fire all the way , up the long , straight narrow lane to take , then lose the high ground of the villa UNK UNK . END
when they lost it , the french artillery moved in , and that was the end for garibaldi that time , on 30 april UNK . END
once out of the gate they had charged straight up the narrow lane . END
we had walked it many times and UNK , figuring what a fish barrel it had been for the french . END
now the park is filled with marble UNK and all the streets in the immediate area have the full and proper names of the men who fell . END
we were at a party once and heard an UNK young european call that awful charge glorious . END
our companion was a huge , UNK american sculptor who had been a UNK rifleman all across france in 1944 . END
he said it was stupid butchery to order men to make a charge like that , no matter who gave the order and what for . END
`` oh , it would be butchery all right '' , the european said . END
`` we would see it that way , but it was glorious then . END
it was the last time in history anybody could do something UNK like that '' . END
i thought : who is older now ? ? END
old world and new world . END
the sculptor looked at him , UNK and amazed , angry . END
he had made an assault once with 180 men . END
it was a picked assault company . END
they went up against an ss unit of comparable size , over a little rise of ground , over an open field . END
object -- a village crossroads . END
they made it , killed every last one of the UNK , took the village on schedule . END
when it was over , eight of his company were still alive and all eight were wounded . END
the whole thing , from the moment when they jumped heavily off the trucks , spread out and moved into position just behind the cover of that slight rise of ground and then jumped off , took maybe between twenty and thirty minutes . END
the sculptor looked at him , let the color drain out of his face , grinned , and looked down into his drink , a bad martini made with raw italian gin . END
`` UNK '' , he said softly . END
`` excuse me '' , the european said . END
`` i am not familiar with the expression '' . END
the apartment where we were talking that afternoon in march faced onto the street garibaldi's men had charged up and along . END
across the way from the apartment building is a ruined house , shot to hell that day in UNK , and left that way as a memorial . END
there is a bronze wreath on the wall . END
like everything else in rome , ruins and monuments alike , that house is lived in . END
i have seen UNK strung across the ruined roof . END
the english lady really wanted to put a wreath on the garibaldi monument on the 30th of april . END
she had her reasons for this . END
for one thing , there wasn't going to be any ceremony at all this year . END
there were a few reasons for that , too : garibaldi had been taken up and exploited by the communists nowadays . END
therefore the government wanted no part of him . END
( it is sort of as if our government should decide to UNK washington or lincoln for the same reason . END
) and then there were ecclesiastical matters , the matter of garibaldi's UNK . END
there was a new pope and the vatican was making itself heard and felt these days . END
as it happens the english lady is a good catholic herself , but of more liberal political persuasion . END
nothing was going to be done this year to celebrate garibaldi's bold and unsuccessful defense of rome . END
all that the english lady wanted to do was to walk up to the monument and lay a wreath at its base . END
this would show that somebody , even a foreigner living in rome , cared . END
and then there were other things . END
some of the marble UNK in the park are of young englishmen who fought and died for garibaldi . END
she also mentioned leaving a little bunch of flowers at the bust of lauro di bosis . END
it is hard for me to know how i feel about lauro di bosis . END
i suffer from mixed feelings . END
he was a UNK , handsome , and sensitive young poet . END
his bust shows an intense , UNK , UNK face . END
he flew over rome one day during the early days of UNK and scattered UNK over the city , denouncing the UNK . END
he was never heard of again . END
he is thought either to have been killed by the UNK as soon as he landed or to have killed himself by flying out to sea and crashing his plane . END
he was , thus , an early and spectacular victim . END
and there is something so wonderfully romantic about it all . END
he really didn't know how to fly . END
he had crashed on UNK once before . END
gossip had it ( for gossip is the soul of rome ) that a famous american dancer of the time had paid for both the planes . END
it was absurd and dramatic . END
it is remembered and has been UNK by a bust in a park and a square in the city which was UNK UNK lauro di bosis after the war . END
most romans , even some UNK , know it by the old name . END
faced with a gesture like di UNK , i find usually that my sentiments are closer to those of my sculptor friend . END
the things that happened in police station UNK were dirty , UNK , and most often anonymous . END
no poetry , no airplanes , no dancers . END
that is how the real routine of resistance goes on , and its strength is directly proportionate to the number of insignificant people who can let themselves be taken to pieces , piece by piece , without quitting . END
it is an ugly business and there are few , if any , UNK for them . END
i keep thinking of a young woman i knew during the occupation in austria . END
she was from UNK . END
she had been picked up by the russians , questioned in connection with some pamphlets , sentenced to life imprisonment for espionage . END
she escaped , crawled through the usual mine fields , under barbed wire , was shot at , swam a river , and we finally picked her up in UNK . END
she showed us what had happened to her . END
no airplanes , no nathan UNK statements . END
just no spot , not even a UNK spot , on her whole body that wasn't bruised , UNK on top of UNK , from UNK . END
i understand very well about lauro di bosis and how his action is symbolic . END
the trouble is that like many symbols it doesn't seem a very realistic one . END
the english lady wanted to pay tribute to garibaldi and to lauro di bosis , but she wasn't going to be here to do it . END
were any of us interested enough in the idea to do it for her , by proxy so to speak ? ? END
there was a pretty thorough silence at that point . END
my spoon stirring coffee , banging against the side of the cup , sounded as loud as a bell . END
i thought : what the hell ? ? END
i said i would do it for her . END
i had some reasons , too . END
i admire the english lady . END
i hate embarrassing UNK and have been known to make a fool out of myself just to prevent one . END
i also had and have feelings about garibaldi . END
like every southerner i can't escape the romantic tradition of brave UNK , UNK lost causes . END
though garibaldi's fight was small shakes compared to UNK charge -- which , like all southerners , i view in almost UNK terms , fallen angels , etc. -- i associated the two . END
and to top it all i am often sentimental on purpose , trying to prove to myself that i am not afraid of sentiment . END
so much for all that . END
the english lady was pleased and enthusiastic . END
she gave me the names of some people who would surely help pay for the flowers and might even march up to the monument with me . END
the idea of the march pleased her . END
maybe twenty , thirty , fifty . END
maybe i could call UNK at the magazine UNK where he worked . END
the office of business economics ( UNK ) of the u.s. department of commerce provides basic measures of the national economy and current analysis of UNK changes in the economic situation and business outlook . END
it develops and UNK the national income , balance of international payments , and many other business indicators . END
such measures are essential to its job of presenting business and government with the facts required to meet the objective of expanding business and improving the operation of the economy . END
for further information contact director , office of business economics , u.s. department of commerce , washington 25 , d.c. . END
economic information is made available to businessmen and economists promptly through the monthly survey of current business and its weekly supplement . END
this periodical , including weekly statistical supplements , is available for $4 per year from commerce field offices or superintendent of documents , u.s. government printing office , washington 25 , d.c. . END
technical assistance to small business community END
the small business administration ( sba ) provides guidance and advice on sources of technical information relating to small business management and research and development of products . END
practical management problems and their suggested solutions are dealt with in a series of sba publications . END
these publications , written especially for the managers or owners of small businesses , indirectly aid in community development programs . END
they are written by specialists in numerous types of business enterprises , cover a wide range of subjects , and are directed to the needs and interests of the small firm . END
sba offers administrative management courses , which are designed to improve the management efficiency and `` know-how '' of small business concerns within a community . END
sba UNK these courses with educational institutions and community groups . END
through the UNK management counseling program , practical , UNK advice on sound management principles is available upon request to both prospective and established businessmen in a community . END
UNK conferences covering some specific phase of business management , also part of the continuing activities of the small business administration , aid community economic development programs . END
these short , `` streamlined '' meetings usually are sponsored by local banks , chambers of commerce , trade associations , or other civic organizations . END
production specialists in sba regional offices are available to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems . END
guidance and advice are available on new product research and development ; ; END
new product potential ; ; END
product and market developments ; ; END
new industrial uses for raw , UNK and waste , materials ; ; END
and industrial uses for agricultural products . END
sba serves also as a clearing house for information on products and processes particularly UNK for exploitation by small firms . END
this may be helpful in improving the competitive position of established firms through UNK and expansion or through more economical utilization of plant capacity . END
production specialists are available in sba regional offices to help individual small business concerns with technical production problems . END
these problems frequently arise where a firm is making items for the government not directly along the lines of its normal civilian business or where the government specifications require operations that the firm did not understand when it undertook the contract . END
production assistance often takes the form of locating tools or materials which are urgently needed . END
advice is given also on problems of plant location and plant space . END
the property sales assistance program is designed to assist small business concerns that may wish to buy property offered for sale by the federal government . END
under this program , property sales specialists in the small business administration regional offices help small business concerns to locate federal property for sale and insure that small firms have the opportunity to bid UNK for surplus personal and real property and certain natural resources , including timber from the national forests . END
sba works closely with the principal property disposal installations of the federal government in reviewing proposed sales programs and UNK those types of property that small business concerns are most likely to be interested in purchasing . END
proposed property sales of general interest to small business concerns are publicized through sba regional news releases , and by `` UNK '' directed to the small business concerns . END
each sba regional office also maintains a `` want '' list of surplus property , principally machinery and equipment , desired by small business concerns in its area . END
when suitable equipment is located by the sba representative , the small business concern is contacted and advised on when , where , and how to bid on such property . END
section UNK of the small business act , as amended , UNK the sba to make a complete inventory of the productive facilities of small business concerns . END
the administration maintains a productive facilities inventory of small business industrial concerns that have voluntarily registered . END
it is kept in each regional office for the small firms within the region . END
purpose of this inventory is to include all eligible productive facilities in UNK facilities register so that the small business concerns may have an opportunity to avail themselves of the services authorized by the congress in establishing the small business administration . END
these services include procurement and technical assistance and notice of surplus sales and invitations to bid on government contracts for products and services within the UNK field of operations . END
sba can make complete facilities inventories of all small business concerns in labor surplus areas within UNK and staff limitations . END
for further information , contact small business administration regional offices in atlanta , ga. ; ; END
boston , mass. ; ; END
chicago , ill. ; ; END
cleveland , ohio ; ; END
dallas , tex. ; ; END
denver , UNK ; ; END
detroit , mich. ; ; END
kansas city , mo. ; ; END
los angeles , calif. ; ; END
minneapolis , UNK ; ; END
new york , n.y. ; ; END
philadelphia , pa. ; ; END
richmond , va. ; ; END
san francisco , calif. ; ; END
and seattle , wash. . END
branch offices are located in other large cities . END
small business administration , what it is , what it does , sba services for community economic development , and various other useful publications on currently important management , technical production , and marketing topics are available , on request , from small business administration , washington 25 , d.c. . END
new product introduction for small business owners , 30 cents ; ; END
developing and selling new products , 45 cents ; ; END
u.s. government purchasing , specifications , and sales directory , 60 cents , are available from the superintendent of documents , u.s. government printing office , washington 25 , d.c. . END
sba makes loans to individual small business firms , providing them with financing when it is not otherwise available through private lending sources on reasonable terms . END
many such loans have been made to establish small concerns or to aid in their growth , thereby contributing substantially to community development programs . END
sba loans , which may be made to small manufacturers , small business pools , UNK , retailers , service establishments and other small businesses ( when financing is not otherwise available to them on reasonable terms ) , are to finance business construction , conversion , or expansion ; ; END
the purchase of equipment , facilities , machinery , supplies , or materials ; ; END
or to supply working capital . END
evidence that other sources of financing are unavailable must be provided . END
sba business loans are of two types : `` participation '' and `` direct '' . END
participation loans are those made jointly by the sba and banks or other private lending institutions . END
direct loans are those made by sba alone . END
to qualify for either type of loan , an applicant must be a small business or approved small business `` pool '' and must meet certain credit requirements . END
a small business is defined as one which is independently owned and operated and which is not dominant in its field . END
in addition , the sba uses such criteria as number of employees and dollar volume of the business . END
the credit requirements UNK that the applicant must have the ability to operate the business successfully and have enough capital in the business so that , with loan assistance from the sba , it will be able to operate on a sound financial basis . END
a proposed loan must be for sound purposes or sufficiently secured so as to assure a reasonable chance of UNK . END
the record of past earnings and prospects for the future must indicate it has the ability to repay the loan out of current and anticipated income . END
the amount which may be borrowed from the sba depends on how much is required to carry out the intended purpose of the loan . END
the maximum loan which sba may make to any one UNK is UNK . END
business loans generally are UNK in regular UNK -- usually monthly , including interest at the rate of UNK percent per UNK on the unpaid balance -- and have a maximum maturity of 10 years ; ; END
the term of loans for working capital is 6 years . END
for further information , contact sba regional offices in atlanta , ga. ; ; END
boston , mass. ; ; END
chicago , ill. ; ; END
cleveland , ohio ; ; END
dallas , tex. ; ; END
denver , UNK ; ; END
detroit , mich. ; ; END
kansas city , mo. ; ; END
los angeles , calif. ; ; END
minneapolis , UNK ; ; END
new york , n.y. ; ; END
philadelphia , pa. ; ; END
richmond , va. ; ; END
san francisco , calif. ; ; END
and seattle , wash. . END
branch offices are located in other large cities . END
small business administration , what it is , what it does ; ; END
sba business loans ; ; END
and small business UNK are available , on request , from small business administration , washington 25 , d.c. , and its regional offices . END
the farm credit administration , an independent agency located within the department of agriculture , UNK and coordinates a cooperative credit system for agriculture . END
the system is composed of three credit services , federal land banks and national farm loan associations , federal intermediate ( short-term ) credit banks , and banks for cooperatives . END
this system provides UNK and short-term credit to farmers and their cooperative marketing , purchasing , and business service organizations . END
as a source of investment capital , the system is beneficial to local communities and encourages the development of industries in rural areas . END
the credit UNK by the first two services in the system outlined above is primarily for general agricultural purposes . END
the third credit service , banks for cooperatives , exists under authority of the farm credit act of 1933 . END
the banks for cooperatives were established to provide a permanent source of credit on a sound basis for farmers' cooperatives . END
three distinct classes of loans are made available to farmers' cooperatives by the banks for cooperatives : commodity loans , operating capital loans , and facility loans . END
to be eligible to borrow from a bank for cooperatives , a cooperative must be an association in which farmers act together in processing and marketing farm products , purchasing farm supplies , or furnishing farm business services , and must meet the requirements set forth in the farm credit act of 1933 , as amended . END
interest rates are determined by the board of directors of the bank with the approval of the farm credit administration . END
for further information , contact the bank for cooperatives serving the region , or the farm credit administration , research and information division , washington 25 , d.c. . END
available , on request , from u.s. department of agriculture , washington 25 , d.c. , are : cooperative farm credit can assist in rural development ( circular no. UNK ) , and the cooperative farm credit system ( circular no. UNK ) . END
to encourage exploration for domestic sources of minerals , the office of minerals exploration ( UNK ) of the u.s. department of the interior offers financial assistance to firms and individuals who desire to explore their properties or claims for 1 or more of the 32 mineral commodities listed in the UNK regulations . END
this help is offered to applicants who ordinarily would not undertake the exploration under present conditions or circumstances at their sole expense and who are unable to obtain funds from commercial sources on reasonable terms . END
each applicant is required to own or have sufficient interest in the property to be explored . END
the government will contract with an eligible applicant to pay up to one-half of the cost of approved exploration work as it progresses . END
the applicant pays the rest of the cost , but his own time spent on the work and charges for the use of equipment which he owns may be applied toward his share of the cost . END
funds contributed by the government are UNK by a royalty on production from the property . END
if nothing is produced , there is no obligation to repay . END
a UNK royalty is paid on any production during the period the contract is in effect ; ; END
if the government UNK that production may be possible from the property , the royalty obligation continues for the 10-year period usually specified in the contract or until the government's contribution is UNK with interest . END
the royalty applies to both principal and interest , but it never exceeds 5 percent . END
information , application forms , and assistance in filing may be obtained from the office of minerals exploration , u.s. department of the interior , washington 25 , d.c. , or from the appropriate regional office listed below . END
in most of the less developed countries , however , such programing is at best inadequate and at worst UNK . END
only a very few of the more advanced ones , such as india and pakistan , have developed systematic techniques of programing . END
others have so-called development plans , but some of these are little more than lists of projects collected from various UNK while others are statements of goals without analysis of the actions required to attain them . END
only rarely is attention given to accurate progress reports and evaluation . END
we can help in the planning process END
neither growth nor a development program can be imposed on a country ; ; END
it must express the nation's own will and goal . END
nevertheless , we can UNK an aid program in such a manner as to promote the development of responsible programing . END
first , we can encourage responsibility by establishing as conditions for assistance on a substantial and sustained scale the definition of objectives and the assessment of costs . END
second , we can make assistance for particular projects UNK on the consistency of such projects with the program . END
third , we can offer technical help in the formulation of programs for development which are adapted to the country's objectives and resources . END
this includes assistance in -- assembling the basic economic , financial , technological , and educational information on which programing depends ; ; END
surveying the needs and requirements over time of broad sectors of the economy , such as transport , agriculture , communication , industry , and power ; ; END
designing the financial mechanisms of the economy in ways that will promote growth without inflation ; ; END
and administrative practices which will make possible the more effective review and implementation of programs once established . END
we must use common sense in applying conditions END
the application of conditions in the allocation of aid funds cannot , of course , be mechanical . END
it must be recognized that countries at different stages of development have very different capabilities of meeting such conditions . END
to insist on a level of performance in programing and budgeting completely beyond the capabilities of the recipient country would result in the frustration of the basic objective of our development assistance to encourage more rapid growth . END
in the more primitive areas , where the capacity to absorb and utilize external assistance is limited , some activities may be of such obvious priority that we may decide to support them before a well worked out program is available . END
thus , we might provide limited assistance in such fields as education , essential transport , communications , and agricultural improvement despite the absence of acceptable country programs . END
in such a case , however , we would encourage the recipient country to get on with its programing task , supply it with substantial technical assistance in performing that task , and make it plain that an expansion or even a continuation of our assistance to the country's development was UNK upon programing progress being made . END
at the other end of the spectrum , where the more advanced countries can be relied upon to make well thought through decisions as to project priorities within a consistent program , we should be prepared to depart substantially from detailed project approval as the basis for granting assistance and to move toward long-term support , in cooperation with other developed countries , of the essential foreign exchange requirements of the country's development program . END
the reasons for stressing self-help END
a systematic approach to development budgeting and programing is one important kind of self-help . END
there are many others . END
it is vitally important that the new u.s. aid program should encourage all of them , since the main thrust for development must come from the less developed countries themselves . END
external aid can only be marginal , although the margin , as in the case of the marshall plan , can be decisive . END
external aid can be effective only if it is a complement to self-help . END
u.s. aid , therefore , should increasingly be designed to provide incentives for countries to take the steps that only they themselves can take . END
aid advice is not interference END
in establishing conditions of self-help , it is important that we not expect countries to UNK themselves in our image . END
open societies can take many forms , and within very broad limits recipients must be free to set their own goals and to devise their own institutions to achieve those goals . END
on the other hand , it is no interference with sovereignty to point out defects where they exist , such as that a plan calls for factories without power to run them , or for institutions without trained personnel to staff them . END
once we have made clear that we are genuinely concerned with a country's development potential , we can be blunt in suggesting the technical conditions that must be met for development to occur . END
the major areas of self-help are the following : ( a ) the effective UNK of resources . END
this includes not only development programing , but also establishing tax policies designed to raise UNK resources for investment ; ; END
fiscal and monetary policies designed to prevent serious inflation ; ; END
and regulatory policies aimed to attract the financial and managerial resources of foreign investment and to prevent excessive luxury consumption by a few . END
( b ) the reduction of dependence on external sources . END
this includes UNK UNK crises , with adequate attention to reducing dependence on imports and adopting realistic exchange rates to encourage infant industries and spur exports . END
it also includes providing for the training of nationals to operate projects after they are completed . END
( c ) tapping the energies of the entire population . END
for both economic and political reasons all segments of the population must be able to share in the growth of a country . END
otherwise , development will not lead to UNK stability . END
( d ) honesty in government . END
in many societies , what we regard as corruption , favoritism , and personal influence are so accepted as consistent with the mores of UNK and so integral a part of routine administrative practice that any attempt to force their elimination will be regarded by the local leadership as not only unwarranted but unfriendly . END
yet an economy cannot get the most out of its resources if UNK , corruption , and favoritism are widespread . END
moreover , tolerance by us of such practices results in serious waste and diversion of aid resources and in the long run generates UNK sentiment of a kind peculiarly UNK to our political interest . END
some of the most dramatic successes of communism in winning local support can be traced to the identification -- correct or not -- of communist UNK with personal honesty and pro-western UNK with corruption . END
a requirement of reasonably honest administration may be politically uncomfortable in the short run , but it is politically essential in the long run . END
the united states can use its aid as an incentive to self-help by responding with aid on a sustained basis , tailored to priority needs , to those countries making serious efforts in self-help . END
in many instances it can UNK or limit its aid to countries not yet willing to make such efforts . END
there are other countries where , with skillful diplomacy , we may be able by our aid to give encouragement to those groups in government which would like to press forward with economic and social reform measures to promote growth . END
governments are rarely UNK . END
but there will be still other countries where , despite the UNK of the level of self-help , we shall UNK it wise , for political or military reasons , to give substantial economic assistance . END
even in these cases we should promote self-help by making it clear that our supporting assistance is subject to reduction and ultimately to termination . END
development requires a long-term approach END
the most fundamental concept of the new approach to economic aid is the focusing of our attention , our resources , and our energies on the effort to promote the economic and social development of the less developed countries . END
this is not a UNK goal . END
to have any success in this effort , we must ourselves view it as an enterprise stretching over a considerable number of years , and we must encourage the recipients of our aid to view it in the same fashion . END
most of our aid will go to those nearing UNK END
how long it will take to show substantial success in this effort will vary greatly from country to country . END
in several significant cases , such as india , a decade of concentrated effort can launch these countries into a stage in which they can carry forward their own economic and social progress with little or no UNK assistance . END
these cases in which light is already visible at the other end of the tunnel are ones which over the next few years will absorb the bulk of our capital assistance . END
gradually others will move up to the same level END
the number of countries thus favorably situated is small , but their peoples constitute over half of the population of the underdeveloped world . END
meantime , over the decade of the sixties , we can hope that many other countries will ready themselves for the big push into self-sustaining growth . END
in still others which are barely on the threshold of the transition into modernity , the decade can bring significant progress in UNK the slow process of developing their human resources and their basic services to the point where an expanded range of developmental activities is possible . END
aid is a long-term process END
the whole program must be conceived of as an effort , stretching over a considerable number of years , to alter the basic social and economic conditions in the less developed world . END
it must be recognized as a UNK tool designed to prevent political and military crises such as those recently confronted in laos and cuba . END
it is not a tool for dealing with these crises after they have erupted . END
the specific reasons for a long-term approach END
( a ) the need to budget a period of years . END
many of the individual projects for which development assistance is required call for expenditures over lengthy periods . END
UNK , river development schemes , transportation networks , educational systems require years to construct . END
moreover , on complex projects , design work must be completed and orders for machinery and equipment placed months or even years before construction can UNK . END
thus , as a development program is being launched , commitments and obligations must be entered into in a given year which may exceed by twofold or threefold the expenditures to be made in that year . END
the capital expansion programs of business firms involve UNK budgeting and the same is true of country development programs . END
( b ) the need to plan investment programs . END
more importantly , several of the more advanced of the less developed countries have found through experience that they must plan their own complex investment programs for at least 5 years forward and tentatively for considerably more than that if they are to be sure that the various interdependent activities involved are all to take place in the proper sequence . END
without such forward planning , investment funds are wasted because manufacturing facilities are completed before there is power to operate them or before there is transport to service them ; ; END
or a skilled labor force is trained before there are plants available in which they can be employed . END
( c ) the need to UNK country resources . END
most important of all , the less developed countries must be persuaded to take the necessary steps to UNK and commit their own resources . END
they must be induced to establish the necessary tax , fiscal , monetary , and regulatory policies . END
they must be persuaded to adopt the other necessary self-help measures which are described in the preceding section . END
the taking of these steps involves tough internal policy decisions . END
moreover , once these steps are taken , they may require years to make themselves felt . END
they must , therefore , be related to long-range development plans . END
if the less developed countries are to be persuaded to adopt a long-term approach , the united states , as the principal supplier of external aid , must be prepared to give long-term commitments . END
in this , as in so many aspects of our development assistance activities , the incentive effects of the posture we take are the most important ones . END
the extent to which we can persuade the less developed countries to appraise their own resources , to set targets toward which they should be working , to establish in the light of this forward perspective the most urgent priorities for their immediate attention , and to do the other things which they must do to help themselves , all on a realistic long-term basis , will depend importantly on the incentives we place before them . END
if they feel that we are taking a long-term view of their problems and are prepared to enter into reasonably long-term association with them in their development activities , they will be much more likely to undertake the difficult tasks required . END
perhaps the most important incentive for them will be clear evidence that where other countries have done this kind of home work we have responded with long-term commitments . END
you have heard him tell these young people that during his almost 50 years of service in the congress he has seen the UNK and the UNK and the UNK , the UNK and UNK and UNK , come and go and that we are passing on to them the UNK nation that mankind has ever known . END
then i have seen the pride of country well in the eyes of these young people . END
so , i say , mr. speaker , god bless you and keep you for many years not only for this body but for the united states of america and the free world . END
you remember the words of president kennedy a week or so ago , when someone asked him when he was in canada , and dean rusk was in europe , and vice president johnson was in asia , `` who is running the store '' ? ? END
and he said , `` the same fellow who has been running it , sam rayburn '' . END
mr. speaker , i ask unanimous consent that all members who desire to do so may extend their remarks at this point in the record ; ; END
and also that they may have 5 legislative days in which to extend their remarks . END
the speaker pro UNK . END
is there objection to the request of the gentleman from massachusetts ? ? END
there was no objection . END
remarks of hon. joseph p. UNK of new york END
it is notably significant that so many members from both sides of the aisle express their respect and admiration for our beloved speaker , the honorable sam rayburn . END
i purposely UNK from adding the usual distinction of saying that he was from the state of texas . END
i did so because i agree with so many here today , that he is the beloved speaker of all the people of the united states . END
for the dignity , the influence , and the power of the legislative branch of our government -- it is a privilege for us to do honor to this great man who represents not alone his own district but all the people of our country . END
to honor him is to honor ourselves . END
in this my first year as a member of this body i have experienced many memorable moments . END
many of these experiences are so important that they will be cherished forever by me . END
and , like many of you here present , i hold as the UNK of all , the occasion of my first meeting with the honorable speaker of the house . END
at that time , he afforded me the courtesy of his busy UNK for such length as i may need , to speak about my background , my hopes , my views on various national and local topics , and any problems that i may have been UNK with at the time . END
he was UNK in his handling of all subjects with me and tremendously wise in his counsel . END
in conclusion , he wished me well -- and as kindly and humbly as this humane gentleman could express himself , he asked to be remembered to my wife and children . END
in my short period here i believe that at no time has he been otherwise than the most popular man on both sides of the aisle . END
he is most effective in the ordinary business of the house , and in the legislative accomplishments of this session , he easily rose to great occasion -- even at the height of UNK and exciting legislative struggle -- and as the nation witnessed these contests , he rose , even as admitted by those who differed with him , to the proportions of a hero and a noble partisan . END
i am highly privileged today to UNK the brilliant career of this parliamentary giant . END
he will ever be my example as a true statesman ; ; END
one who is thoroughly human , who affects no dignity , and who is endowed with real ability , genuine worth , and sterling honesty -- all dedicated to secure the best interests of the country he has loved and served so long . END
may the divine speaker in heaven bless this country with sam rayburn's continued service here for years to come . END
remarks of hon. wayne l. hays of ohio END
it is a matter of deep personal satisfaction for me to add my voice to the great and distinguished chorus of my colleagues in this UNK of praise , respect , and affection for speaker sam rayburn . END
in this hour of crisis , the wisdom , the dedication , the stabilizing force that he represents in current american government is an almost indispensable source of strength . END
he has become in this half century the grand old man of american history . END
it seems to me that the prayers of the whole free world must rise like some vast petition to providence that sam rayburn's vigor and his life remain UNK through the coming decades . END
here briefly in this humble tribute i have sought for some simple and UNK UNK that would define the immense service of this patriot to his country . END
but the task is beyond me because i hold it impossible to UNK in a sentence or two the complicated and prodigious contributions sam rayburn has made as an individual , as a legislator , as a statesman and as a leader and UNK , to the majestic progress of this nation . END
it happens that i am a legislator from ohio and that i feel deeply about the needs , the aspirations , the interests of my district and my state . END
what sam rayburn's life proves to us all is the magnificent lesson in political science that one can UNK and with absolute dedication represent the seemingly provincial interests of one's own community , one's own district , one's own state , and by that help himself represent even better the sweep and scope of the problems of this the greatest nation of all time . END
for sam rayburn never forgot UNK , his home community , and he never forgot texas . END
in the same way i like to think we owe our loyalty as legislators to our community , our district , our state . END
and , if we follow the rayburn pattern , as consciously or by an UNK political sense i like to think i have followed it , then the very nature of our loyalty to our own immediate areas must necessarily be reflected in the devotion of our services to our country . END
for what sam rayburn's life in this house teaches us is that loyalty and character are not divisive and there is no such thing as being for your country and neglecting your district . END
there is no such thing as being UNK about national affairs but indifferent about home needs . END
the two are as one . END
this may not be the greatest but it certainly comes close to being the greatest lesson sam rayburn's career , up to this hour , teaches all of us who would UNK to distinction in political life under our processes of government . END
more than that , sam rayburn is the very living symbol of an UNK integrity so powerful in his nature and so constantly demonstrated that he can count some of his best friends in the opposition . END
through the most UNK battles of political controversy and the most bitterly fought national and presidential campaigns his character shines as an example of dignity and honesty , UNK and nobility . END
sam rayburn has never had to look back at any of his most devastating fights and ever feel ashamed of his conduct as a UNK under fire or his political manners in the heat of conflicting ambitions . END
this means much to the american tradition . END
it is an answer in its way , individual and highly dramatic , to the charge that the democratic process is necessarily vicious in its campaign characteristics . END
and the name rayburn is one of the most dominant in the history of american politics for the last half century . END
it is , i insist , hard to define the rayburn contribution to our political civilization because it is so massive and so widespread and so complicated , and because it goes so deep . END
but this we know : here is a great life that in every area of american politics gives the american people occasion for pride and that has invested the democratic process with the most decent qualities of honor , decency , and self-respect . END
i pray to god that he may be spared to us for many years to come for this is an influence the united states and the whole world can ill afford to lose . END
remarks of hon. melvin price of illinois END
all but two of my nine terms in the house of representatives has been served under the UNK of sam rayburn . END
of this i am proud . END
i have a distinct admiration for this man we honor today because of the humility with which he carries his greatness . END
and sam rayburn is a great man -- one who will go down in american history as a truly great leader of the nation . END
he will be considered not only great among his contemporaries , but as great among all the americans who have played a part in the country's history since the beginning . END
i pay my personal tribute to sam rayburn , stalwart texan and great american , not only because today he establishes a record of having served as speaker of the house of representatives more than twice as long as henry clay , but because of the contributions he has made to the welfare of the people of the nation during his almost half century of service as a member of congress . END
speaker rayburn has not limited his leadership as a statesman to his direction of the house in the speaker's chair . END
he had an outstanding record as a legislator since the start of his career in the house in 1913 , the UNK congress . END
no one has sponsored more progressive and important legislation than has sam rayburn . END
he is the recognized `` father '' of the rural UNK administration and the security and exchange commission . END
but to run the UNK of the programs sam rayburn brought into being through his legislative efforts would fill the pages of today's record . END
no greater pleasure has come to me in my own service in this house than to be present today to participate in this tribute to this great speaker , this great legislator , this great texan , this great american . END
my sincere wish is that he continues to add to this record he sets here today . END
remarks of hon. john s. UNK of connecticut END
sam rayburn is one of the greatest american public figures in the history of our country and i consider that i have been singly honored in the privilege of knowing sam rayburn and sharing with him the rights and obligations of a member of the house of representatives in the congress of the united states . END
others may speak of speaker rayburn's uniquely long and devoted service ; ; END
of his championship of many of the progressive social measures which UNK our statute books today , and of his cooperation in times of UNK with presidents of both of our major parties in helping to pilot the ship of state through the UNK of today's stormy international seas . END
i prefer to speak , however , of sam rayburn , the person , rather than sam rayburn , the american institution . END
although sam rayburn affects a gruff exterior in many instances , nevertheless he is fundamentally a man of warm heart and gentle disposition . END
no one could be more devoted than he to the american congress as an institution and more aware of its historical significance in the political history of the world , and i shall never forget his moving talks , delivered in simple yet eloquent words , upon the meaning of our jobs as representatives in the operation of representative government and their importance in the context of today's assault upon popular government . END
above all , he is a person to whom a UNK representative can go to discuss the personal and professional problems which inevitably confront a new congressman . END
in this role of father UNK , he has always been most characteristic and most helpful . END
on september 16 , sam rayburn will have served as speaker twice as long as any predecessor and i am proud to join with others in marking this date , and in expressing my esteem for that notable american , sam rayburn . END
origin of state automobile practices . END
the practice of state-owned vehicles for use of employees on business dates back over forty years . END
at least one state vehicle was in existence in 1917 . END
the state presently owns UNK passenger vehicles in comparison to approximately 200 in 1940 . END
the automobile maintenance unit , or motor pool , came into existence in 1942 and has been responsible for centralized maintenance and management of state-owned transportation since that time . END
the motor pool has made exceptional progress in automotive management including establishment of cost billing systems , records keeping , analyses of vehicle use , and UNK economies in vehicle operation . END
cars were operated in 1959 for an average UNK per mile . END
purchase of state vehicles is handled similarly to all state purchases . END
unit prices to the state are considerably lower than to the general public because of quantity purchases and no payment of state sales or federal excise taxes . END
vehicle purchase , assignment and use policies . END
the UNK role in policy determination concerning state-owned vehicles has been confined almost exclusively to UNK funds for vehicles . END
the meaningful policies governing the purchase , assignment , use and management of state vehicles have been shaped by the state's administrative officers . END
meaningful policies include : ( a ) kinds of cars the state should own , ( b ) when cars should be traded , ( c ) the need and assignment of vehicles , ( d ) use of cars in lieu of mileage allowances , ( e ) employees taking cars home , and ( f ) need for liability insurance on state automobiles . END
a review of these policies indicates : ( 1 ) END
the state purchases and assigns grades of cars according to need and position status of driver and use of vehicle . END
the purchase of compact ( economy ) cars is being made currently on a test basis . END
cars are traded mostly on a three-year basis in the interest of economy . END
the factors governing need and assignment of cars are flexible according to circumstances . END
unsuccessful efforts have been made to replace high mileage allowances with state automobiles . END
it is reasonably economical for the state to have drivers garage state cars at their homes . END
the state has recently undertaken liability insurance for drivers of state cars . END
automobile practices in other states . END
a survey of practices and/or policies in other states concerning assignment and use of state automobiles reveals several points for comparison with rhode island's practices . END
forty-seven states assign or provide vehicles for employees on state business . END
two other states provide vehicles , but only with legislative approval . END
states which provide automobiles for employees assign them variously to the agency , the individual , or to a central pool . END
twenty-six states operate a central motor pool for acquisition , allocation and/or maintenance of state-owned vehicles . END
nineteen states report laws , policies or regulations for assigning state vehicles in lieu of paying mileage allowances . END
of these states the average `` UNK '' point ( at which a car is substituted for allowances ) is UNK miles per year . END
mileage allowances for state employees are of two types : ( a ) actual mileage and ( b ) fixed monthly allowances . END
actual mileage allowances are UNK UNK allowed employees for the use of UNK vehicles on state business at the rate of UNK per mile . END
fixed monthly allowances are UNK for the same purpose except on a UNK basis . END
both allowances are governed by conditions and restrictions set forth in detail in the state's travel regulations . END
rhode island's UNK rate of UNK per mile for use of UNK cars compares favorably with other states' rates . END
the average of states' rates is UNK per mile . END
rhode island's rate of UNK per mile is considerably lower than UNK rates in the federal government and in industry nationally which approximate a UNK per mile average . END
actual mileage allowances are UNK and not unduly expensive for the state . END
the travel regulations , requirements and procedures governing UNK are controlled properly and not overly restrictive . END
fixed monthly allowances are a controversial subject . END
they have a great advantage in ease of audit time and payment . END
however , they lend themselves to abuse and inadequate control measures . END
flat payments over $50 per month are more expensive to the state than the assignment of state-owned vehicles . END
travel allowances , including subsistence , have been revised by administrative officials recently and compare favorably with other states' allowances . END
with few exceptions travelers on state business are allowed actual travel expenses and $15 per day subsistence . END
travel allowances are UNK and pose little problem in administration and/or audit control . END
origin of state automobile practices END
it is difficult to pinpoint the time of origin of the state purchasing automobiles for use of employees in rhode island . END
few records are available concerning the subject prior to 1940 . END
those that are available shed little light . END
the registry of motor vehicles indicates that at least one state automobile was registered as far back as 1917 . END
it should be enough to say that the practice of the state buying automobiles is at least forty years old . END
the best reason that can be advanced for the state adopting the practice was the advent of expanded highway construction during the 1920s and UNK . END
at that time highway engineers traveled rough and dirty roads to accomplish their duties . END
using UNK vehicles was a personal hardship for such employees , and the matter of providing state transportation was felt perfectly justifiable . END
once the principle was established , the increase in state-owned vehicles came rapidly . END
and reasons other than employee need contributed to the growth . END
table 1 immediately below shows the rate of growth of vehicles and employees . END
this rate of increase does not UNK anything in itself . END
it does not indicate loose management , UNK controls or poor policy . END
but it does show that automobiles have increased steadily over the years and in almost the same proportion to the increase of state employees . END
in the past twenty years the ratio of state-owned automobiles per state employees has varied from 1 to 22 then to 1 to 23 now . END
whether there were too few automobiles in 1940 or too many now is UNK . END
the fact is simply that state-owned vehicles have remained in practically the same proportion as employees to use them . END
history and operation of the motor pool . END
while the origin of state-owned automobiles may be obscured , subsequent developments concerning the assignment , use , and management of state automobiles can be related more clearly . END
prior to 1942 , automobiles were the individual responsibility of the agency to which assigned . END
this responsibility included all phases of management . END
it embraced determining when to purchase and when to trade vehicles , who was to drive , when and where repairs were to be made , where gasoline and automobile services were to be obtained and other allied matters . END
in 1942 , however , the nation was at war . END
gasoline and automobile tires were UNK commodities . END
the state was confronted with transportation problems similar to those of the individual . END
it met these problems by the creation of the state automobile maintenance unit ( more popularly called the motor pool ) , a centralized operation for the maintenance and control of all state transportation . END
the motor pool then , as now , had UNK facilities in providence and other garages located throughout the state . END
it was UNK the responsibility of the department of public works and was financed on a rotary fund basis with each agency of government contributing to the pool's operation . END
in 1951 the pool's operation was transferred to the UNK department of administration , an agency established as the central staff and auxiliary department of the state government . END
the management of state-owned vehicles since that time has been described in a recent report in the following manner : `` END
under this new management considerable progress appears to have been made . END
the agencies of government are now UNK for the actual cost of services provided to each passenger car rather than the prior uniform charge for all cars . END
whereas the maintenance rotary fund had in the past sustained losses considerably beyond expectations , the introduction of the UNK system plus other control refinements has resulted in keeping the fund on a proper working basis . END
one indication of the merits of the new management is found in the fact that during the period UNK , while total annual mileage put on the vehicles increased UNK , the total maintenance cost increased only UNK . END
in order to further UNK the management of passenger vehicles , on july 1 , 1958 , the actual title to every vehicle was transferred , by executive order , to the division of methods , research and office services . END
the objective behind this action was to place in one agency the responsibility for the management , assignment , and replacement of all vehicles . END
( note : so far as state police cars are concerned , only their replacement is under this division ) . END
this tied in closely with the current attempt to UNK state-owned cars to the extent that vehicles are not retained beyond the point where maintenance costs ( in light of depreciation ) become excessive . END
moreover , it allows the present management to UNK vehicles so that mileage will be more uniformly distributed throughout the fleet ; ; END
for example , if one driver puts on UNK miles per year and another driver 8,000 miles per year , their cars will be switched so that both cars will have 30,000 miles after two years , rather than UNK miles ( and related higher maintenance costs ) and UNK miles respectively '' . END
the motor pool is a completely centralized and mechanized operation . END
it handles all types of vehicle maintenance , but concentrates more on `` service station activities '' than on extensive vehicle repairs . END
it contracts with outside repair garages for much of the latter work . END
where the pool UNK is in its compilation of maintenance and UNK studies and analyses . END
pool records reveal in detail the cost per mile and miles per gallon of each vehicle , the miles traveled in one year or three years , the periods when vehicle costs become excessive , and when cars should be traded for sound economies . END
from this , motor pool personnel develop other meaningful and related data . END
in UNK , vehicles averaged an operating cost of UNK per mile . END
based on this figure and considering depreciation costs of vehicles , pool personnel have determined that travel in excess of 10,000 miles annually is more economical by state car than by payment of allowances for use of UNK vehicles . END
they estimate further that with sufficient experience and when UNK of compact cars is compiled , the UNK point may be reduced to UNK miles of travel per year . END
table 2 shows operating cost data of state vehicles selected at random . END
one matter of concern to the complete effectiveness of pool operations is the lack of adequate central garage facilities . END
present pool quarters at two locations in providence are crowded , antiquated and , in general , make for inefficient operation in terms of UNK of personnel and duplication of such operational needs as stock and repair equipment . END
good facilities would be a decided help to pool operations and probably reduce vehicle costs even more . END
the purchase of state-owned vehicles is handled in the same manner as all other purchases of the state . END
requests are made by the motor pool along with any necessary cooperation from the agencies to which assignments of cars will be made . END
bids are evaluated by the division of purchases with the assistance of pool staff , and awards for the purchase of the automobiles are made to the lowest responsible UNK . END
unit prices for state vehicles are invariably lower than to the general public . END
the reasons are obvious : ( 1 ) the state is buying in quantity , and ( 2 ) it has no federal excise or state sales tax to pay . END
until 1958 the state was also entitled to a special type of UNK discount through the dealers . END
in that ownership of all vehicles rests with the state motor pool , cars are paid for with funds appropriated to the agencies but transferred to the rotary fund mentioned earlier . END
this is a normal governmental procedure which reflects more accurately UNK principles . END
the assignment and use of vehicles after purchase is another matter to be covered in detail later . END
vehicle purchase , assignment , and use policies END
probably the most important of all matters for review are the broad administrative policies governing the purchase , assignment , use , and management of state vehicles . END
the UNK role in policy determination in this area for years has been confined almost solely to the amount of funds appropriated annually for the purchase and operation of vehicles . END
the more meaningful policies have been left to the judgment of the chief administrative officer of the state -- the director of administration . END
the rhode island property tax END
there was a time some years ago when local taxation by the cities and towns was sufficient to support their own operations and a part of the cost of the state government as well . END
for many years a state tax on cities and towns was paid by the several municipalities to the state from the proceeds of the general property tax . END
this tax was discontinued in 1936 . END
since that time the demands of the citizens for new and expanded services have placed financial burdens on the state which could not have been foreseen in earlier years . END
at the same time there has been an UNK and expansion of municipal services as well . END
thus , there has come into being a situation in which the state must raise all of its own revenues and , in addition , must give assistance to its local governments . END
this financial assistance from the state has become necessary because the local governments themselves found the property tax , or at least at the rates then existing , insufficient for their requirements . END
consequently there have developed several forms of UNK and shared taxes , as well as the UNK grant to local governments for general purposes whose adoption accompanied the introduction of a sales tax at the state level . END
notwithstanding state aid , the local governments are continuing to seek additional revenue of their own by strengthening the property tax . END
this is being done both by the UNK of real property and by seeking out forms of personal property UNK neglected or ignored . END
taxation of tangible movable property in rhode island has been generally of a `` hands off '' nature due possibly to several reasons : ( 1 ) local assessors , in the main , are not well paid and have inadequate office staffs , ( 2 ) the numerous categories of this component of personal property make locating extremely difficult , and ( 3 ) the UNK of the majority of assessors in evaluating this type of property . END
problems of taxing personal property . END
among the many problems in the taxing of personal property , and of movable tangible property in particular , two are significant : ( 1 ) situs , ( 2 ) fair and equitable assessment of value . END
these problems are not local to rhode island , but are recognized as common to all states . END
although the laws of the various states , in general , specify the situs of property , i.e. , residence or UNK of the owner , or location of the property , the exceptions regarding boats , airplanes , mobile homes , etc. , seem to add to the uncertainty of the proper UNK point for assessment . END
rhode island law specifies that all real estate is taxable in the town in which it is situated . END
it also provides for the taxation of all personal property , belonging to inhabitants of the state , both tangible and intangible , and the tangible personal property of UNK in this state . END
in defining personal property , it specifically mentions `` all ships or vessels , at home or abroad '' . END
intangible property is taxable wherever the owner has a place of abode the greater portion of the year . END
although a similar situs for tangible property is mentioned in the statute , this is UNK out by the provision that definite kinds of property `` and all other tangible property '' situated or being in any town is taxable where the property is situated . END
this would seem to fix the tax situs of all movable personal property at its location on december 31 . END
both boats and aircraft would fall within this category , as well as motor vehicles . END
the location of the latter now is determined for tax purposes at the time of registration , and it is now accepted practice to consider a motor vehicle as being situated where it is UNK . END
obviously , it would be impossible to determine where every vehicle might be on the UNK day of december . END
in view of the acceptance accorded the status of motor vehicles for tax purposes , in the absence of any specific provision it would seem entirely consistent to apply the same interpretation to boats or aircraft . END
a recent example of this problem is the flying of six airplanes , on december 31 , 1960 , from the newport UNK in UNK , to the north central airport in UNK . END
this situation resulted in both towns claiming the tax , and probably justifiably . END
UNK bases its claim on the general provision of the law that `` all UNK property , both tangible and intangible , shall be taxed to the owner thereof in the town in which such owner shall have had his actual place of abode for the larger portion of the twelve ( 12 ) months next preceding the first day of april in each year '' . END
the UNK tax UNK , in turn , claims the tax under the provision of law `` and all other tangible personal property situated or being in any town , in or upon any place of storage shall be taxed to such person in the town where said property is situated '' . END
this problem of fair and equitable assessment of value is a difficult one to solve in that the determination of fair valuation is dependent on local assessors , who in general are UNK and part-time personnel taking an individualistic approach to the problem . END
this accounts for the wide UNK in assessment practices of movable tangible property in the various municipalities in rhode island . END
this condition will undoubtedly continue until such time as a state uniform system of evaluation is established , or through mutual agreement of the local assessing officials for a method of standard assessment practice to be adopted . END
the rhode island public expenditure council in its publication once commented : `` END
the most realistic way of facing up to this problem would be to have the state take over full responsibility for assessing all taxable property . END
an adequately UNK and equipped state assessing office could apply uniform methods and standards which would go far toward producing equitable assessments on all properties throughout the state . END
a single statewide assessing unit would eliminate the differences and complications that are inherent in a system of 39 different and independent assessing units '' . END
the institute of public administration , in its report to the state fiscal study commission in 1959 , recommended `` UNK and UNK all aspects of property tax administration in a single state agency professionally organized and equipped for the job '' . END
the resulting setup , it was declared , `` would be similar to that which is in successful operation in a number of metropolitan counties as large or larger than rhode island '' . END
practices in rhode island . END
to determine the practice and attitude of municipal governments concerning tangible movable property , a questionnaire was sent to all local government assessors or boards of assessors in rhode island . END
the replies from each individual town are not given in detail because the questions asked the personal opinion of the several assessors and are not necessarily the established policy of the town in each case . END
there are legitimate reasons for differences of opinion among the assessors as a whole and among the public officials in each town . END
these opinions of the assessors are of significance in indicating what their thinking seems to be at the present time . END
in reply to a question of whether they now tax boats , airplanes and other movable property excluding automobiles , nineteen said that they did and twenty that they did not . END
the wording of the question was quite general and may have been subject to different interpretations . END
one UNK checked boats only , another trailers and tractors , one mentioned house trailers , and two others referred to trailers without UNK the type . END
in two cases , airplanes only were indicated . END
it is difficult to UNK exactly what was meant in each individual situation , but the conclusion may be drawn that 21 towns do not assess movable personal property , and of the remainder only certain types are valued for tax purposes . END
boats were indicated specifically by only one of the five towns known to tax boats . END
it would seem , then , that movable property and equipment is not taxed as a whole but that certain types are taxed in towns where this is bound to be expedient for that particular kind of personal property . END
so few answered the question relating to their efforts to assess movable property that the results are UNK . END
only four towns indicated that they made any more than a normal effort to list property of this kind . END
of greater interest is a question as to whether movable property was assessed according to its location or ownership . END
fifteen stated that it was according to location , four by residence of the owner , and nineteen did not answer . END
UNK assessors stated that they were in favor of improved means for assessing movable personal property , and only five were opposed . END
seven others expressed no opinion . END
on this point there was fairly general agreement that assessors would like to do more than they are doing now . END
it is not clear , however , whether they are thinking of all movable property or only of boats , trailers , aircraft or certain other types of personal property whose assessment would be advantageous to their particular towns . END
another question that was asked of the assessors was whether they favored the assessment of movable property at its location or at the residence of the owner . END
eighteen voted for assessment by the town in which it is located and eleven preferred assessment by the town in which the owner resides . END
ten others made no reply . END
of those who have an opinion , it seems that assessment by location is preferred . END
there was one vote for location being the place where the property is situated for the greater portion of the twelve months preceding the assessment date . END
to UNK , it may be said that there is no one prevailing practice in rhode island with respect to the taxation of movable property , that assessors would like to see an improvement , and of those who have an opinion , that assessment by the town of location is preferred on the basis of their present knowledge . END
the need for greater knowledge is evident from their replies . END
interest has been shown for a number of years by local assessors in the possibility of taxing boats . END
assessors in rhode island are charged not only with placing a valuation upon real and personal property , but they also have the responsibility to raise by a tax `` a sum not less than nor more than '' a specified amount as ordered by a city council or financial town meeting . END
it has been obvious to the assessors , particularly those in shore communities , that boats comprise the largest category of tangible personal property which they have been unable to reach . END
through their professional organization , the rhode island tax officials association the question of taxing boats long has been debated and discussed . END
no satisfactory solution has been found , but this is due more to the difficulties inherent in the problem than to a lack of interest or UNK on the part of the assessors . END
it has been estimated that the value of boats in rhode island waters is something in excess of fifty million dollars , excluding commercial boats . END
it is obvious that this is a potential and UNK source of revenue for the assessors of those towns where a substantial amount of such property would be subject to taxation . END
it is known that at least five towns ( UNK , UNK , narragansett , newport and westerly ) place some value on some boats for tax purposes . END
however , few are taxed , and the owners and location of most boats are unknown to the assessors on the date of assessment of town UNK . END
no one really knows how many boats there actually are or what their aggregate value may be . END
slightly more than 5,000 boats were registered with the coast guard prior to the recent passage of the state boating law . END
only a few more than 10,000 boats had been registered with the division of UNK and rivers at the end of the 1960 boating season , but many had been taken out of the water early when the threat of a hurricane brought the season to an early close . END
the UNK association , meeting at narragansett in september 1960 , devoted its session to a discussion of the boat problem . END
local industry's investment in rhode island was the big story in 1960's industrial development effort . END
UNK companies started or committed themselves to new plant construction , totaling UNK square feet and representing an investment of UNK ; ; END
a new UNK war 2 , record . END
with minor exceptions , this expansion was instituted either by firms based in rhode island or out-of-state manufacturers already operating here . END
what made these new location figures particularly impressive was the fact that although 1960 was a year of mild business recession throughout the nation , rhode island scored marked progress in new industry , new plants , and new jobs . END
of the major UNK in 1960 , three were financed under the r. i. industrial building UNK 100% guaranteed mortgage plan : UNK wire , leesona corporation , and american tube & controls . END
leading firms that arranged their own financing included UNK corporation , UNK , UNK , inc. division of UNK , narragansett gray iron UNK , w. r. cobb company , and mays manufacturing company . END
expansion and UNK of industry in rhode island is the direct responsibility of the development council's industrial division , and the figures quoted above indicate a successful year's operation . END
industrial division personnel worked with UNK out-of-state and 97 rhode island concerns during 1960 , many of whom are still interested in a rhode island location . END
they are conscious of this state's new feeling of optimism and assurance and are definitely impressed by the number of new plants and construction projects in rhode island . END
although much of the industrial UNK promotional effort is devoted to securing new locations and UNK by major industries , small business is also afforded considerable attention . END
our office of foreign and domestic commerce carries on a vigorous program , directly aimed at solving and UNK the problems of manufacturers in the lower employment categories . END
a primary function is the operation of a government bid center , which receives bids daily from the federal government's principal purchasing agencies . END
assistance is rendered to interested rhode island businessmen concerning interpretation of bid invitations , where to obtain specifications , and UNK concerning qualification . END
during the past year , UNK government bid invitations were received and UNK procurement leads were mailed to rhode island manufacturers . END
in addition , the UNK domestic trade program provided consultant services to those seeking information on establishment of new businesses ; ; END
how and where to apply for financial assistance ; ; END
details on marketing ; ; END
information concerning patents , UNK and trade marks , availability of technical reports , and other subjects of interest to small business . END
the office of foreign and domestic commerce is also active in the field of international trade , assisting rhode island firms in developing and UNK markets abroad . END
this office UNK with the u. s. department of commerce in giving statewide coverage to services which include : statistics on markets abroad ; ; END
locating foreign agents , buyers , distributors , etc. ; ; END
information on foreign and domestic import duties and regulations , licensing , investments , and establishing of branch representatives or plants abroad , and documentary requirements concerning export shipments and arrangements for payment . END
during the year 1960 , this office supplied UNK visitors with information related to foreign and domestic commerce , and made 73 field visits . END
our media advertising continued , during 1960 , its previous effective program that stressed such UNK as 100% financing , plant UNK , and location advantages . END
we also continued to run a series of ads featuring UNK of rhode island by UNK who had recently established new plants here . END
to reach a still greater audience of UNK manufacturers , our industrial advertising budget for the fiscal year was increased from UNK to UNK , and the industrial building UNK financial participation was UNK from UNK to $20,000 . END
newspaper advertising was mainly concentrated in the new york times and the wall street journal ( eastern and midwestern editions ) which averaged two prominent ads per month , and to a lesser degree the new york herald tribune and , for the west coast , the los angeles times and the wall street journal ( pacific coast edition ) . END
in addition to the regular schedule , UNK were run for maximum impact in special editions of the new york times , boston herald , american banker , electronic news and , for local promotion , the providence sunday journal . END
magazine advertising included management methods , the new englander , u. s. UNK , and plant location . END
the direct mail campaign consisted of 3 UNK UNK of UNK letters each and 6 out-of-state directed to electronics , plastics , UNK , and business machine manufacturers , and to publishers . END
these totaled UNK pieces of correspondence . END
the 1960 advertising campaign brought a total of UNK inquiries ; ; END
UNK from media and 75 from direct mail . END
two hundred and nineteen were received from 35 of our 50 united states and 11 came from foreign countries . END
new york led in the number of inquiries , followed by california , new jersey , massachusetts , and pennsylvania . END
among foreign countries responding were germany , canada , brazil and india . END
an important operation in UNK industrial locations involves what we term `` missionary calls '' by one of this UNK industrial promotion specialists . END
these consist of visits , without previous announcement , on top officials of manufacturing concerns located in highly industrialized areas . END
more than 25 carefully selected cities were visited , including new york , brooklyn , long island city , newark , elizabeth , stamford , UNK , new haven , UNK , boston , cambridge , UNK , and UNK . END
out of a total of UNK calls , UNK contacts were established with top executive personnel . END
we received 76 out-of-state visitors interested in investigating rhode island's industrial advantages , and industrial division personnel made 55 out-of-state follow-up visits . END
during 1960 , two important conferences were organized by the development council's industrial division . END
in june , the office of foreign and domestic commerce -- in conjunction with local trade associations , chambers of commerce , and bank officials -- sponsored a world trade conference at the UNK hotel . END
its purpose was to find ways of UNK the united states' declining balance of trade for 1958 and 1959 . END
approximately 100 representatives of business attended this UNK and the r. i. export conference committee later voted to continue the activity as an annual event . END
on october UNK of last year , the industrial division sponsored the governor's conference on industrial development at the former henry barnard school . END
a comprehensive program devoted to the various phases of the development effort attracted UNK interested individuals . END
morning sessions included addresses by ward miller , jr. of the u. s. dept. of commerce . END
richard UNK , executive director of the new hampshire state planning and development commission , and edwin c. UNK of general electric company . END
workshop sessions in the afternoon featured development executives from pennsylvania , connecticut and maine , and rounded out a rewarding program . END
in connection with this conference , a UNK supplement was published in the october UNK edition of the providence sunday journal . END
devoted to the improvement in business climate and increase in industrial construction in rhode island , it has proved a valuable mailing piece for this division . END
more than 2000 copies have been sent out to prospective clients . END
other special UNK by the industrial division included copies of speeches delivered at the governor's conference , letters and UNK to UNK at UNK symposium at university of rhode island and letters and UNK of industrial UNK to such organizations as society of industrial realtors . END
UNK copies of the r. i. directory of manufacturers were distributed : UNK UNK and UNK out-of-state . END
the industrial division published , in 1960 , a new , attractive industrial UNK , `` rhode island -- right for industry '' , and prepared copy for a new edition of the directory of manufacturers ( to be printed shortly ) , and for a new space catalogue . END
additional promotional activities included organizing the dedication program for operation UNK , the new UNK post office , and a conference with representatives of brown university , providence college , and university of rhode island , and eight electronics concerns regarding the inauguration of a training program for electronics personnel . END
stated in its simplest terms , the main job of the planning division is to plan for the future of the state of rhode island . END
the activities of the planning division are defined in considerable detail in the enabling act of the development council , which assigns to the agency both broad responsibilities and specific duties in the field of planning . END
two years ago , the institute of public administration issued an extremely comprehensive report entitled `` UNK relations in metropolitan rhode island . END
as the result of an UNK review of the recommendations contained in this report , plus an analysis of our own enabling act , the planning division developed a number of basic planning objectives which caused a UNK of its work program . END
these objectives are stated here because of their importance in understanding the current activities of the planning division . END
first priority will be given to the preparation of a meaningful state guide plan to serve as a background for all other planning activities in the state . END
recognizing the truth of the statement by the institute of public administration that `` UNK planning ( in rhode island ) means , or should mean , state planning '' , the state guide plan will take into account the metropolitan nature of many of rhode island's problems . END
it will continue to be an objective of this division to encourage the acceptance of planning as a proper and continuing responsibility of local government . END
to this end , the community assistance program of the planning division will continue to be operated as a staff function to make available , on a shared cost basis , technical planning assistance to those communities in the state unable to maintain their own planning staff . END
the planning division will take the initiative in encouraging planning cooperation at all levels of government ; ; END
among the operating departments of the state ; ; END
between the cities and towns of the state ; ; END
and on a regional basis between the six new england states . END
on the basis that all citizens of the state are entitled to benefit equally in the development of its resources , plans for the provision of essential services ( such as water ) will be based on need regardless of arbitrary political boundaries , within the framework of the state plan . END
the state development budget will reflect the capital needs of all the state agencies and the priority of the projects in the budget will be based on the state plan . END
in preparing the state guide plan , particular attention will be given means of strengthening the economy of the state through the development of industry and recreation . END
functionally the planning division carries out four activities : long-range state planning , current state planning , local planning assistance ; ; END
and the preparation of the state development budget . END
the planning division has UNK on the most complete and comprehensive state planning program in the nation . END
the long-range aspects of this program are divided into four distinct phases : basic mapping , inventory , analysis and plan and policy formation . END
the work program , as it was originally proposed , was to take five years to complete . END
recent events -- particularly the necessity of providing planning information for the statewide UNK study of the department of public works -- indicate that this schedule will have to be accelerated . END
the basic mapping phase of the program has been completed and the inventory phase is scheduled for completion july 1 , 1961 . END
since accurate base maps are necessary for any planning program , the first step taken by the planning division to implement the long-range state plan has been to prepare two series of base maps -- one at a scale of 1 inch to a mile , and the second a series of 26 sheets at a scale of 1 inch to 2000 feet , covering the entire state . END
with these maps completed , the inventory phase of the plan has been started . END
with the aid of matching federal funds available under section UNK of the housing act of 1954 as amended , the planning division began a one year program july 1 , 1960 to complete the inventory phase of the state planning program . END
this phase consists of four items : urban land use , rural land use , physical features and public utility service areas . END
since the validity of all subsequent planning depends on the accuracy of the basic inventory information , great care is being taken that the inventory is as complete as possible . END
the urban land use study carried out by the planning division staff has consisted of UNK and mapping all urban land uses which are of significance to statewide planning . END
the rural land use study is being carried out under contract by the university of rhode island and identifies all agricultural land uses in the state by type of use . END
the mapping of important physical features such as slopes and types of soil and the collection of all available information pertaining to public utility service areas are being conducted as staff projects and , like the other two inventory projects , are scheduled for completion july 1 , 1961 . END
the collection of information is meaningless unless it is understood and used for a definite purpose . END
special districts in rhode island . END
it is not within the scope of this report to elaborate in any great detail upon special districts in rhode island . END
however , a word should be mentioned in regard to them as independent units of government . END
there are forty-seven special district governments in rhode island ( excluding two regional school districts , four housing authorities , and the kent county water authority ) . END
these forty-seven special purpose governments have the authority to levy taxes , to borrow money , own property , sue and be sued , and in general to exercise normal corporate powers . END
unlike cities and towns , however , they do not have to submit any financial statements to the state bureau of UNK . END
it is not an exaggeration to say that the state government has little or no fiscal control over these units of government . END
in addition to the collection of service charges , the special districts levy annual property taxes of approximately UNK . END
fiscal years in other states END
a review of practices in other states regarding fiscal uniformity is pertinent to this report . END
included in the findings are : 1 . END
UNK states , including rhode island , end their fiscal year on june 30 . END
the other four states end on varying dates : alabama ( sept. 30 ) , new york ( march 31 ) , pennsylvania ( may 31 ) , and texas ( august 31 ) . END
in sixteen states , the fiscal year ending of the cities ( june 30 ) is the same as that of the state : alaska , arizona , california , delaware , massachusetts , UNK , nevada , new mexico , north carolina , north dakota , oklahoma , oregon , vermont , west virginia , wyoming , and hawaii ) . END
in eleven states , the fiscal year of the cities ends on december 31 , while the state fiscal year ends on june 30 ( arkansas , colorado , indiana , kansas , new hampshire , new jersey , ohio , south dakota , utah , washington , and wisconsin ) . END
in eight states whose fiscal years close on june 30 , a majority of their cities close their fiscal year on december 31 : : END
( georgia , iowa , kentucky , maine , maryland , minnesota , virginia , and south carolina ) . END
one state , alabama , closes its fiscal year on september 30 , and all cities in the state , with one exception , also close fiscal years on september 30 . END
mississippi closes its fiscal year on june 30 , while all of its cities close their fiscal years on september 30 . END
pennsylvania closes its fiscal year on may 31 . END
all of its cities close their fiscal years on december 31 . END
the remaining twelve states have varying fiscal years for the state , city and local governments . END
however , only illinois , oregon , louisiana and rhode island have a situation in which the sundry units of government vary widely in relation to fiscal uniformity . END
fiscal uniformity : advantages and disadvantages END
an excellent summary of advantages concerning the uniform fiscal year and coordinated fiscal calendars was contained in a paper presented by a public finance authority recently . END
he listed among the values of fiscal uniformity : 1 . END
the uniform fiscal year requires compliance with common sense administration of local finances : adoption of the budget , or financial plan , in advance of spending . END
the uniform fiscal year UNK UNK with another common sense rule , that of having cash in the bank before checks are drawn . END
it enables towns to make more economical purchases and to take advantage of cash discounts . END
the uniform fiscal year promotes more careful budgeting and strengthens control over expenditures . END
by fixing the tax rate in advance of spending , upper limits are set on expenditures . END
the uniform fiscal year brings the town's fiscal year into line with that of the schools , which UNK the largest share of local UNK . END
this greatly UNK the town's bookkeeping and financial reporting . END
the uniform fiscal year eliminates interest charges on money borrowed in the form of tax anticipation notes . END
furthermore , tax collections not immediately needed for current expenditures may be invested in short-term treasury notes , UNK the town's miscellaneous revenues and reducing the tax levy . END
the uniform fiscal year UNK UNK comparison of revenues and expenditures . END
when towns have the same fiscal year it is relatively easy to make meaningful comparisons ; ; END
and as the cost of local government increases , the demand for such comparison also increases . END
towns having different fiscal years are difficult to compare . END
of all advantages , probably none is more important than the elimination of tax anticipation notes . END
borrowing in anticipation of current taxes and other revenues is a routine procedure of the majority of municipalities at all times . END
it may be by bank loans , sale of notes or warrants , or by the somewhat casual method of issuance and registration of warrants . END
in any event it is a form of borrowing which could be and should be rendered unnecessary . END
its elimination would result in the saving of interest costs , heavy when short-term money rates are high , and in freedom from dependence on credit which is not always available when needed most . END
this type of borrowing can be reduced to a minimum if quarterly installment payment of taxes is instituted and the first payment placed near the opening of the fiscal year . END
any approach toward such a system looks toward saving and security . END
it should be noted that there are other and equally important reasons for establishing meaningful UNK reporting bases on a uniform fiscal year . END
both the federal and state governments UNK their fiscal years on july 1 . END
both units of government contribute increasingly large sums of money to the several local governments in this state as indicated below : END
it has been said that when local government revenues were mostly produced locally from the property tax , the lack of a uniform fiscal year was no great handicap ; ; END
but with the growth of state and federal fiscal aid , the emphasis on UNK , and the UNK sharing of responsibility for certain important functions , this is no longer true . END
the UNK fiscal year calendar is an obstacle to the planning of clear and efficient UNK revenue and expenditure relationships . END
although there are many sound reasons for adopting uniform and coordinated fiscal years in rhode island , there are also certain difficulties encountered . END
these involve more the mechanics employed in adjusting to fiscal uniformity than they do actual disadvantages to the principle . END
one problem is a matter of shifting dates ; ; END
the other , is how to finance the transition . END
little can be done about the changing of dates . END
this is an inherent part of adjusting fiscal calendars . END
it usually means a confused and UNK UNK public for a period of time . END
but cooperation and understanding between local officials and the UNK help lessen this problem . END
the other problem is the matter of financing the transition period in the several cities and towns . END
this will be covered more fully later . END
it should be kept in mind that the ease or difficulty with which a town or city can convert to the proposed plan is directly dependent upon the financial condition of that town or city . END
fortunately , there are no cities or towns in the state , with one or two possible exceptions that are in too difficult a position to finance the proposed change . END
sacrifice will have to be made in some cases , but it is to the UNK advantage to finance the UNK for a short period of time rather than pay interest on tax anticipation notes indefinitely . END
the advantages of a uniform fiscal year and well UNK fiscal and tax collection calendars are sufficiently great for rhode island municipalities to exert effort to secure them . END
the type of program desired can be determined by the nature and extent of the adjustments needed . END
two features are immediately evident . END
first , the present situation is too varied to be UNK by any single formula . END
second , the shift to a uniform july 1 to june 30 fiscal year will , of itself , improve the tax collection calendars of the great majority of cities and towns . END
there are at least two problems to consider : one is a matter of adjusting the fiscal calendar ; ; END
the other is how to finance the adjustments when necessary . END
the latter matter is considered in detail in a later section . END
twelve cities and towns in rhode island presently indicate some plans to establish a uniform and/or coordinated fiscal tax year calendar . END
plans vary from the `` talking stage '' to establishing special committees to accomplish this end . END
what is important here is that many of the cities and towns recognize the need for improved fiscal practices and are taking the initiative to obtain them . END
an analysis of the fiscal tax collection year calendars throughout the state indicates that transition may not be as painful as is commonly thought . END
however , it must be stressed that much depends upon the financial condition of the individual cities and towns involved . END
the adjustments needed to establish a uniform and coordinated fiscal tax collection year calendar throughout rhode island , based on a july 1 to june 30 year , are shown below . END
six cities and towns are presently on a july 1 to june 30 fiscal year and have coordinated their tax collection year with it . END
no change is required for these towns . END
these municipalities include : UNK , lincoln , UNK , newport , north UNK , and south UNK . END
adjustment of fiscal year . END
one town and one city , UNK and east providence , require an adjustment of their fiscal year only . END
this change will automatically adjust their tax collection year calendar so as to make all tax UNK due and UNK in the fiscal year UNK within that year . END
adjustment of tax collection year . END
six cities and towns are now on a july 1 to june 30 fiscal year and will need only to adjust their tax collection year calendar to establish uniformity . END
these cities and towns include UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , central falls , and woonsocket . END
two cities to be considered , providence and cranston , are an enigma . END
both have excellent integration of their fiscal tax collection year calendars . END
however , neither of these two cities is on the desired july 1 to june 30 fiscal year . END
the adjustment to a uniform and coordinated fiscal period could be accomplished relatively easily for them . END
in that both cities end their fiscal years on september 30 , they could levy taxes for an interim period of nine months , commencing with september 30 and ending with june 30 . END
these three installment dates would be : october 26 , january 26 , and april 25 ( providence ) and november 15 , february 16 and may 15 ( cranston ) . END
both would start their new fiscal year on july 1 . END
their tax collection calendar could then be : july 25 , october 26 , january 26 , and april 25 , ( providence ) ; ; END
and august 15 , november 15 , february 17 , and may 15 , ( cranston ) . END
under this plan both cranston and providence would be on the uniform fiscal year but would still be using the same installment periods . END
the remaining twenty-three towns have fiscal years which end prior to june 30 . END
all of these towns will require adjustments of both their fiscal and tax collection years . END
assuming an adjustment to the july 1 to june 30 fiscal year , the required adjustment of the tax collection years and the towns involved are shown in table 3 . END
aside from the matter of adjusting the fiscal and tax calendars , there is the problem of financing the adjustment when this is necessary . END
it should be emphasized strongly that adjustments in fiscal dates or adoption of interim budgets do not necessarily mean financing over and above normal governmental requirements . END
in many communities there is simply no financial problem ; ; END
it is only a matter of adjusting accounting methods , careful fiscal planning and management , or some like combination of techniques . END
in other municipalities the difficulties in overcoming the financial burden have been sufficiently great to UNK proponents of fiscal year changes . END
fortunately , such cases in rhode island are more the exception than the rule . END
as shown earlier in table 1 , the several cities and towns use widely varied fiscal and tax collection calendars . END
in addition , no two rhode island communities are identical in relation to their over-all financial condition . END
these factors practically insure that no single financing formula is feasible ; ; END
each situation must be studied and a plan developed that takes into consideration such factors as the effect of the existing and prospective tax calendars , the financial condition of the UNK , and the length of the transition interval . END
suitable plans range from those that are very easy to develop to those that are difficult to formulate and require borrowing ranging from short-term serial notes to long-term bonds . END
the financial problem , where it exists , usually stems from the adoption of a budget for the transitional or adjustment period . END
for those communities which have financial difficulties in UNK adjustments , there are a number of alternatives any one of which alone , or in combination with others , would minimize if not even eliminate the problem . END
rhode island heritage week proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
the theme of rhode island heritage week for 1961 will be `` independence and union '' . END
it UNK the UNK anniversary of rhode island's independence when , upon may 4 , 1776 , the general assembly , by its action , established the first free republic in the new world . END
as this year marks the centennial of the beginning of the civil war , this fact is being UNK with several exhibits throughout the state , but most of all paying tribute to the first rhode island volunteers who rushed to the defense of the city of washington , putting at the disposal of president lincoln the only fully equipped and best trained regiment at this time . END
on april 30 , ceremonies UNK the departure of these volunteers will take place at UNK p.m. at the UNK training grounds in providence . END
the independence day celebration will be properly observed with a big military and civic parade from west warwick to the greene UNK in anthony ; ; END
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim the week of april 29th to may 7th , 1961 , as rhode island heritage week , UNK our citizens that throughout this week many historic houses and beautiful gardens will be open to visitors as well as industrial plants , craft shops , museums and libraries and i earnestly urge all to take advantage of these opportunities to see as many of these places as they can during this outstanding week . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this UNK day of april , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and on independence , the one hundred and UNK . END
armed forces day proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
the year 1961 marks the UNK anniversary of the unification of our armed forces under the national security act of 1947 . END
national defense , like the continuing search for peace with freedom and justice for all , is `` everybody's business '' . END
our investment in this effort , the greatest in our nation's history , reflects our determination to ensure the peace and the future of freedom . END
it is a sound investment . END
as the president has said , `` only when our arms are sufficient beyond doubt can we be certain that they will never be employed '' . END
armed forces day is the annual report on this investment , a public presentation designed to give our own people , and the people of other lands who stand with us for peace with freedom and justice , the best possible opportunity to see and understand what we have and why we have it . END
it is the purpose of armed forces day to give americans an opportunity to honor men of the armed forces , those who have made the supreme sacrifice , those who remain to preserve our security . END
freedom depends upon them ; ; END
now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim saturday , may 20th , 1961 , as armed forces day , reminding our citizens that we should UNK ourselves to our nation , respecting the uniforms as the guardians of our precious liberty . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 17th day of may , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . END
national maritime day proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
the president of the united states , pursuant to a joint resolution of congress , has issued a proclamation each year since 1933 declaring may UNK to be national maritime day . END
this date in 1819 marked the sailing of the s. s. `` savannah '' from savannah , georgia , for UNK . END
this voyage was the first successful crossing of the atlantic under steam propulsion . END
the day is now appropriately set aside to honor the american men and women who have contributed to the success of our merchant marine fleet in peace and war . END
the merchant marine is the `` fourth arm of defense '' , for a strong and effective american merchant marine is essential to the economy and security of our nation . END
through trade and travel across the seas the american merchant marine is carrying out its historic mission of linking the united states of america with friendly nations across the seas ; ; END
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim monday , may UNK , 1961 , as national maritime day , reminding our citizens that american merchant ships and american UNK are ready at all times to serve our nation in the cause of freedom and justice . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 20th day of april , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and UNK . END
miss rhode island pageant week proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
the miss rhode island pageant is sponsored by the rhode island junior chamber of commerce as a part of the UNK search for the typical american girl -- a miss america from rhode island . END
this is an official preliminary contest of the miss america pageant held each september in atlantic city . END
the ideal girl -- possessed of talent , poise , intelligence , personality and beauty of face and figure -- is chosen each year to represent rhode island . END
many hours are given free by the UNK to make this and all local pageants outstanding events . END
proceeds realized from these pageants are used by the UNK to help support their various youth , health , welfare and community UNK activities throughout the state . END
miss sally may UNK , ( miss rhode island 1960 ) says that within a short time -- on june 17th -- her reign will come to an end . END
she hopes that all will support the contestants from our own community by attending our pageants and the state pageant june 17 ; ; END
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim the week of june UNK to 17th , 1961 , as miss rhode island pageant week , with deep appreciation to the UNK , local and statewide , for the presentation of their beautiful pageants and the encouragement of all rhode island girls to participate . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this UNK day of june , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . END
united nations day proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
for the purpose of maintaining international peace and promoting the advancement of all people , the united states of america joined in founding the united nations . END
the united nations charter sets forth standards which , if adhered to , will promote peace and justice throughout the world . END
it is extremely important for each american to realize that the theme `` the united nations is your business '' applies to him personally . END
the world desperately needs the united nations . END
united nations day is the birthday of the united nations , mankind's noblest attempt to establish lasting peace with justice ; ; END
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim tuesday , october 24th , 1961 , as united nations day , calling upon all our citizens to engage in appropriate UNK , demonstrating faith in the united nations and thereby contributing to a better understanding of the aims of the united nations throughout the land . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this UNK day of july , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . END
the state ballet of rhode island week proclamation by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
the ballet originated in italy about UNK . END
at that time it was a series of sophisticated social dances whose steps were often combined with other steps devised by the choreographer . END
ballet UNK in italy during the next hundred years , and about UNK was carried to france when the italian princess , catherine de UNK , married the king of france . END
the most famous ballet of that time was called ballet UNK de la UNK ( UNK ) . END
dances UNK with sung or spoken verses . END
ballets were used in opera from its beginning . END
they were placed either in the middle of the acts or in the UNK . END
the state ballet of rhode island , the first incorporated group , was formed for the purpose of extending knowledge of the art of ballet in the community , to promote interest in ballet performances , to contribute to the cultural life of the state , and to provide opportunity for gifted dance students who , for one reason or another , are unable to pursue a career and to develop others for the professional state ; ; END
and now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim the week of monday , november 13 , 1961 , as the state ballet of rhode island week , requesting all rhode islanders to give special attention to this unusual event which should contribute to the cultural life of the state . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this 23d day of october , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one , and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . END
proclamation thanksgiving day by john a. notte , jr. , governor END
as another thanksgiving draws near , let us take time out from the often UNK pace of our lives to try and UNK the feelings that filled the hearts of the pilgrims on the first thanksgiving . END
the pilgrims gathered to thank the lord for his benevolence during their first year in the new land . END
they had been through trying times , but their faith in the almighty had given them the courage and the strength to meet and overcome the many problems and difficulties that were the price they had to pay for freedom . END
and as the pilgrims bowed their heads in humble gratitude , they shared another feeling -- the anticipation of what the future held for them and their posterity . END
they could not guess that from their concepts of liberty and freedom would some day be born a new nation that for years would be the symbol of hope to the oppressed countries of the world . END
they simply turned to god filled with gratitude and faith . END
we who are living today may learn a valuable lesson from those who celebrated the first thanksgiving day . END
the lord has shown time and time again his love for us . END
we have only to compare the liberty and high standard of living we enjoy in this great country with the oppression and UNK of other nations to realize with humble gratitude that god's providence has been with us since the very beginning of our country . END
and yet , accompanying our gratitude is the realization that we are living in a crucial time . END
with world peace constantly being threatened , most of us regard the future UNK , and even with fear . END
it is at this time that we should imitate the pilgrims by accompanying our prayers of thanks with the conviction that we shall continue to be in UNK need for the lord's protection in the future , if we are to have peace ; ; END
now , therefore , do i , john a. notte , jr. , governor of the state of rhode island and providence plantations , proclaim thursday , november UNK , 1961 , as thanksgiving day , END
and so , let us remember on this day not only to thank the almighty who gave hope and courage to the pilgrims , but also to place our trust in him that he will continue to protect us in the future as he has in the past . END
in testimony whereof , i have hereunto set my hand and caused the seal of the state to be affixed this UNK day of november , in the year of our lord , one thousand nine hundred and sixty-one and of independence , the one hundred and eighty-sixth . END
john a. notte jr. , END
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the act of july 3 , 1952 ( UNK stat. UNK ) as amended ( 42 UNK UNK ) , is further amended to read as follows : section 1 . END
in view of the increasing shortage of usable surface and ground water in many parts of the nation and the importance of finding new sources of supply to meet its present and future water needs , it is the policy of the congress to provide for the development of practicable low-cost means for the large-scale production of water of a quality suitable for municipal , industrial , agricultural , and other beneficial UNK uses from saline water , and for studies and research related thereto . END
as used in this act , the term ' saline water ' includes sea water , UNK water , and other UNK or chemically charged water , and the term ' united states ' extends to and includes the district of columbia , the commonwealth of puerto rico , and the territories and possessions of the united states . END
in order to accomplish the purposes of this act , the secretary of the interior shall -- ( a ) END
conduct , encourage , and promote fundamental scientific research and basic studies to develop the best and most economical processes and methods for UNK saline water into water suitable for beneficial UNK purposes ; ; END
conduct engineering research and technical development work to determine , by laboratory and pilot plant testing , the results of the research and studies UNK in order to develop processes and plant designs to the point where they can be demonstrated on a large and practical scale ; ; END
recommend to the congress from time to time UNK for construction and operation , or for participation in the construction and operation , of a demonstration plant for any process which he determines , on the basis of UNK ( a ) and ( b ) above , has great promise of UNK the purposes of this act , such recommendation to be accompanied by a report on the size , location , and cost of the proposed plant and the engineering and economic details with respect thereto ; ; END
study methods for the recovery and marketing of commercially valuable UNK resulting from the conversion of saline water ; ; END
undertake economic studies and surveys to determine present and prospective costs of producing water for beneficial UNK purposes in various parts of the united states by the leading saline water processes as compared with other standard methods . END
in carrying out his functions under section 2 of this act , the secretary may -- ( a ) END
acquire the services of chemists , UNK , engineers , and other personnel by contract or otherwise ; ; END
enter into contracts with educational institutions , scientific organizations , and industrial and engineering firms ; ; END
make research and training grants ; ; END
utilize the facilities of federal scientific laboratories ; ; END
establish and operate necessary facilities and test sites at which to carry on the continuous research , testing , development , and programing necessary to UNK the purposes of this act ; ; END
acquire secret processes , technical data , inventions , patent applications , patents , licenses , land and interests in land ( including water rights ) , plants and facilities , and other property or rights by purchase , license , lease , or UNK ; ; END
assemble and maintain pertinent and current scientific literature , both domestic and foreign , and issue UNK data with respect thereto ; ; END
cause UNK UNK to be made of promising projects , domestic and foreign , and , in the case of projects located in the united states , cooperate and participate in their development in instances in which the purposes of this act will be served thereby ; ; END
foster and participate in regional , national , and international conferences relating to saline water conversion ; ; END
coordinate , UNK , and UNK information with a view to advancing the development of low-cost saline water conversion projects ; ; END
cooperate with other federal departments and agencies , with state and local departments , agencies , and UNK , and with interested persons , firms , institutions , and organizations . END
research and development activities undertaken by the secretary shall be coordinated or conducted jointly with the department of defense to the end that developments under this act which are primarily of a civil nature will contribute to the defense of the nation and that developments which are primarily of a military nature will , to the greatest practicable extent compatible with military and security requirements , be available to advance the purposes of this act and to strengthen the civil economy of the nation . END
the fullest cooperation by and with atomic energy commission , the department of health , education , and welfare , the department of state , and other concerned agencies shall also be carried out in the interest of achieving the objectives of this act . END
all research within the united states contracted for , sponsored , UNK , or authorized under authority of this act , shall be provided for in such manner that all information , uses , products , processes , patents , and other developments resulting from such research developed by government expenditure will ( with such exceptions and limitations , if any , as the secretary may find to be necessary in the interest of national defense ) be available to the general public . END
this subsection shall not be so construed as to UNK the owner of any background patent relating thereto of such rights as he may have UNK . END
the secretary may dispose of water and UNK resulting from his operations under this act . END
all UNK received from UNK under this section shall be paid into the treasury as miscellaneous receipts ) . END
nothing in the act shall be construed to alter existing law with respect to the ownership and control of water . END
the secretary shall make reports to the president and the congress at the beginning of each regular session of the action taken or instituted by him under the provisions of this act and of prospective action during the ensuing year . END
the secretary of the interior may issue rules and regulations to UNK the purposes of this act . END
there are authorized to be appropriated such sums , to remain available until expended , as may be necessary , but not more than UNK in all , ( a ) to carry out the provisions of this act during the fiscal years 1962 to UNK , inclusive ; ; END
( b ) to finance , for not more than two years beyond the end of said period , such grants , contracts , cooperative agreements , and studies as may UNK have been undertaken pursuant to this act ; ; END
and ( c ) to finance , for not more than three years beyond the end of said period , such activities as are required to UNK , coordinate , and round out the results of studies and research undertaken pursuant to this act : provided , that funds available in any one year for research and development may , subject to the approval of the secretary of state to assure that such activities are consistent with the foreign policy objectives of the united states , be expended in cooperation with public or private agencies in foreign countries in the development of processes useful to the program in the united states : and provided further , that every such contract or agreement made with any public or private agency in a foreign country shall contain provisions effective to insure that the results or information developed in connection UNK shall be available without cost to the united states for the use of the united states throughout the world and for the use of the general public within the united states . END
section 4 of the joint resolution of september 2 , 1958 ( 72 stat. UNK ; ; END
42 u. s. c. 1958 ( ) ) , is hereby amended to read : END
the authority of the secretary of the interior under this joint resolution to construct , operate , and maintain demonstration plants shall terminate upon the UNK of twelve years after the date on which this joint resolution is approved . END
upon the UNK of a period deemed adequate for demonstration purposes for each plant , but not to exceed such UNK period , the secretary shall proceed as promptly as practicable to dispose of any plants so constructed by sale to the highest UNK , or as may otherwise be directed by act of congress . END
upon such sale , there shall be returned to any state or public agency which has contributed financial assistance under section 3 of this joint resolution a proper share of the net proceeds of the sale . END
approved september 22 , 1961 . END
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the secretary of the interior is hereby authorized and directed to make or cause to be made a study covering -- ( 1 ) END
the causes of injuries and health hazards in metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ; END
the relative effectiveness of voluntary versus mandatory reporting of accident statistics ; ; END
the relative contribution to safety of inspection programs UNK -- ( a ) END
UNK only and ( b ) END
UNK plus enforcement authority ; ; END
the effectiveness of health and safety education and training ; ; END
the magnitude of effort and costs of each of these possible phases of an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) ; ; END
the scope and UNK of state UNK laws applicable to such mines and the enforcement of such laws . END
the secretary of the interior or any duly authorized representative shall be entitled to admission to , and to require reports from the operator of , any metal or nonmetallic mine which is in a state ( excluding any coal or lignite mine ) , the products of which regularly enter commerce or the operations of which substantially affect commerce , for the purpose of gathering data and information necessary for the study authorized in the first section of this act . END
as used in this section -- ( 1 ) END
the term `` state '' includes the commonwealth of puerto rico and any possession of the united states ; ; END
the term `` commerce '' means commerce between any state and any place outside thereof , or between points within the same state but through any place outside thereof . END
the secretary of the interior shall submit a report of his findings , together with recommendations for an effective safety program for metal and nonmetallic mines ( excluding coal and lignite mines ) based upon such findings , to the congress not more than two years after the date of enactment of this act . END
approved september 26 , 1961 . END
be it enacted by the senate and house of representatives of the united states of america in congress assembled , that the secretary of the interior is hereby authorized and directed to establish and maintain a program of UNK payments to small domestic producers of lead and zinc UNK and concentrates in order to UNK the mining of lead and zinc by small domestic producers on public , indian , and other lands as provided in this act . END
subject to the limitations of this act , the secretary shall make UNK payments to small domestic producers upon presentation of evidence satisfactory to him of their status as such producers and of the sale by them of newly UNK UNK , or concentrates produced therefrom , as provided in this act . END
payments shall be made only with respect to the metal content as determined by UNK . END
such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of lead as long as the market price for common lead at new york , new york , as determined by the secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 75 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the secretary . END
such payments shall be made to small domestic producers of zinc as long as the market price for prime western zinc at east saint louis , illinois , as determined by the secretary , is below 14-1/2 cents per pound , and such payments shall be 55 per centum of the difference between 14-1/2 cents per pound and the average market price for the month in which the sale occurred as determined by the secretary . END
the maximum amount of payments which may be made pursuant to this act on account of sales of newly UNK UNK or concentrates produced therefrom made during the calendar year 1962 shall not exceed UNK ; ; END
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1963 shall not exceed UNK ; ; END
the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year UNK shall not exceed UNK ; ; END
and the maximum amount of such payments which may be made on account of such sales made during the calendar year 1965 shall not exceed UNK . END
in the same period , UNK presentations by members of the staff were made to local , national , and international medical groups . END
the education function of the institute is carried on by the staff in the departments of pathology and its consultants . END
during fiscal year 1959 , six courses were conducted : forensic pathology , application of UNK to pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , UNK pathology , pathology of the oral regions , and a UNK pathology seminar . END
during fiscal year 1960 , seven courses were conducted : application of UNK to pathology , forensic pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , pathology of the oral regions , UNK pathology , forensic sciences symposium , and UNK pathology . END
from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , six courses were conducted : workshop in resident training in pathology , pathology of diseases of laboratory animals , application of UNK of pathology , UNK pathology , forensic sciences symposium , and forensic pathology . END
during fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were UNK military and civilian students who came to the institute for varying periods of special instruction . END
the institute is engaged in an extensive program of UNK scientific research in both morphological and experimental pathology . END
among the specific areas of concentration in which the staff is engaged , are such projects as biological and UNK studies of the effects of UNK ; ; END
study of motor end plates in man and animals ; ; END
investigation of respiratory diseases of laboratory animals ; ; END
UNK responses to reduced oxygen tension ; ; END
UNK of nuclear and cosmic radiation ; ; END
UNK of UNK ; ; END
evaluation of UNK techniques ; ; END
and hip UNK in dogs . END
there has been an increase in cooperative research with other federal agencies and civilian institutions . END
during the period from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , additional research affiliations were effected with the u. s. army medical research and development command to conduct research in procedures for quantitative electron UNK , and for the study of UNK and biological studies of the structure and function of UNK tissue . END
also , the defense atomic support agency sponsored a long-range study at this institute on the response of massive suspension cultures of mammalian cells to acute radiation . END
other scientific agencies , both federal and civilian , supported studies in quantitative electron UNK approach to UNK and UNK ; ; END
the investigation of the relationship of UNK UNK UNK enzyme to tumor growth ; ; END
morphological study and classification of UNK and UNK cases in animals ; ; END
and the study of structural changes in m. UNK and other UNK . END
the medical illustration service is responsible for the collection , publication , exhibition , and file of medical illustration material of UNK importance to the armed forces . END
in addition to maintaining a permanent central file of illustrations of diseases , wounds , and injuries of military importance , it provides facilities for clinical photography , UNK , and medical arts , and operates a printing plant , by permission of congressional committee , for publication of an `` atlas of tumor pathology '' . END
it also maintains shops for the design and fabrication of exhibits , training aids and instruments and libraries for the loan of films and teaching lantern slide sets . END
during this period , a total of UNK exhibits were presented at UNK medical and scientific meetings . END
of these exhibits , 154 were newly constructed . END
UNK exhibits received awards . END
visual and UNK training aids developed by the medical illustration service , were used in support of army medical service mass UNK exercises . END
members of the medical illustration service UNK and conducted demonstrations on the use of training aids to military personnel and various civilian medical organizations . END
demonstrations of new and projected training aids were conducted at the medical service UNK conference , UNK army medical center , texas . END
in support of the emphasis placed by the department of defense on instruction in emergency medical care , the medical illustration service developed UNK UNK UNK and rescue breathing UNK which are being field tested ; ; END
and overhead UNK UNK sets on the subjects of military sanitation : first aid for soldiers ; ; END
UNK and UNK ; ; END
the emergency medical treatment unit , phase 1 ; ; END
and emergency war surgery in support of the north atlantic treaty organization ( nato ) UNK . END
fifty lantern slide teaching sets on the subject of `` emergency war surgery ( nato ) '' were assembled and distributed to the medical military services of foreign governments associated with nato and UNK asia treaty organization . END
the british and canadian liaison officers , as well as office of civil and defense mobilization , the american red cross , and similar interested organizations were informed from time to time as training aids were developed . END
nine veterinary lantern slide teaching sets were developed and distributed , and lantern slide teaching sets on 21 pathology subjects were added to the loan library of the medical illustration service . END
illustrations were prepared for 11 department of the army manuals and one graphic training aid . END
sixteen lantern slide sets were loaned to the government of india and eight sets were UNK to the u.s. embassy , UNK , UNK for the educational exchange program . END
the senate subcommittee on reorganization and international organizations was provided samples of visual aids on first aid and personal health produced by the medical illustration service . END
six UNK ( 10,000 copies each ) of the `` atlas of tumor pathology '' were completed during the period of this report . END
the american registry of pathology END
this consists of 25 individual registries , two of which were added during fiscal years UNK ( the registry of forensic pathology and the UNK tumor registry ) . END
these registries are sponsored by 18 national medical , dental , and veterinary societies and have as their mission the assembling of selected cases of interest to military medicine and of establishing through the mechanism of follow-up of living patients the natural history of various diseases of UNK importance . END
the american registry of pathology operates as a cooperative enterprise in medical research and education between the armed forces institute of pathology and the civilian medical profession on a national and international basis , under such conditions as may be agreed upon between the national research council and the UNK general of the army , navy , and air force . END
the staff utilized the collected material in these registries for numerous lectures to national and international meetings , exhibits , and published studies . END
during the period of this report , UNK new cases were entered into the various registries . END
these were selected carefully and included not only detailed clinical information but adequate pathology of value for research and educational purposes . END
in this same period , six new UNK of the atlas of tumor pathology were published and distributed to medical centers world-wide . END
there were UNK copies of UNK sold and UNK copies distributed free during this period . END
forty-five new UNK conferences were prepared , bringing the total to 61 available for loan distribution . END
nine new teaching UNK conference sets were prepared , which makes a total of 70 types of teaching sets for loan . END
during this period , UNK teaching sets were distributed on loan . END
the UNK conferences have been acknowledged as of great value and in consequent great demand by the small isolated military hospitals . END
the demand for teaching sets continues UNK since they provide the means for the military physicians to review the pathology of selected disease processes or organ systems for review of basic sciences and correlation of clinical physiological behavior with structural changes . END
in fiscal year 1959 , the medical museum was moved to chase hall , a temporary building on independence avenue at ninth street , southwest , and continued to display to the public the achievements of the armed forces medical services . END
during the period of this report , 63 panel exhibits depicting the latest developments in medical research were displayed . END
of the UNK exhibits ( of all types ) shown , UNK were new or UNK . END
of the UNK specimens newly mounted or UNK , UNK were prepared for other agencies . END
UNK specimens were loaned for study purposes . END
an exhibit , `` UNK -- an ancient art , a new science '' , was presented at the annual meeting of the american medical association . END
a three-dimensional exhibit depicting `` a century of naval medicine '' was formally presented to the director by george s. UNK , UNK of the founder of e. r. UNK and sons , for permanent display in the museum . END
space was provided for UNK guest medical exhibits , and the museum collected new UNK of UNK , medical , UNK , and diagnostic instruments , uniform , and similar items of historical UNK significance . END
during the period , the laboratory rendered centralized UNK service to qualified UNK . END
specimens were mounted for military installations , governmental agencies , and medical schools . END
three hundred five copies of the manual of UNK techniques were distributed . END
thirty-five military and civilian students received laboratory training . END
during fiscal years 1959 and 1960 , there were UNK visitors to the museum . END
during the period from 1 july 1960 through 31 january 1961 , the medical museum was required to move to temporary building `` s '' on the UNK from chase hall . END
throughout the period and during the movement operation , the museum continued its functional support of the armed forces institute of pathology . END
armed forces medical publication agency END
the armed forces medical publication agency , established in 1949 , has published , since january 1950 , the united states armed forces medical journal as a UNK publication to furnish material of professional interest to medical department officers of the three military services . END
its supplement , the medical technicians bulletin , supplied similar material to enlisted medical personnel . END
these publications replaced the u. s. naval medical bulletin , published continuously from 1907 through 1959 , as well as the navy's hospital corps quarterly and the bulletin of the u. s. army medical department , published from 1922 to 1949 . END
in addition , their establishment made it unnecessary to begin publication of a contemplated air force medical bulletin . END
estimated annual savings resulting from publication of the journal and bulletin on a UNK basis , as compared with the cost of producing separate periodicals for each service , were between UNK and UNK . END
additionally , on the many ships at sea and in the smaller naval stations , the availability of the journal removed the necessity of UNK to several additional journals of civilian origin over and above the quantity now authorized , in order to provide any reasonably comparable coverage . END
from 1 july 1958 to 30 june 1960 , 24 numbers of the journal and nine of the bulletin were published . END
each journal contained articles of professional and clinical interest , and departments devoted to military medical news , reviews of new books , and other features of interest to officers of the medical services . END
the council on national defense of the american medical association contributed a brief article to each issue entitled , `` this is your a.m.a. '' . END
beginning with the october 1959 issue of the journal , the method of production of copy for UNK reproduction was changed from UNK to hot UNK . END
this resulted in an improved appearance , but was followed by an increase in printing cost that necessitated the institution of major economies to keep within the total of allocated funds . END
the use of 100 instead of UNK substance paper plus the adoption of side UNK beginning with the may 1960 issue reduced costs sufficiently to allow completion of the fiscal year with nearly UNK in UNK funds . END
two special issues were published , one for november 1959 on space medicine , the other the tenth anniversary issue for january 1960 . END
the february 1960 issue marked the UNK of the section entitled , `` the medical officer writes '' . END
replacing the discontinued medical technicians bulletin , publication of which was suspended with the UNK 1959 issue , a section called `` technical notes '' was inaugurated on a UNK basis beginning with the april 1960 issue . END
occasional features were published on historical medicine , special reports , UNK , and `` UNK items '' . END
in may 1960 , the armed forces institute of pathology began a series of articles on the `` medical museum '' , and in june , the institute started contributing a regular monthly `` case for diagnosis '' . END
the institute also planned to furnish a regular series of articles , beginning in the fall of 1960 , on its more significant scientific exhibits . END
the armed forces UNK board agreed to submit each month a report for one of its 12 commissions , so that each commission will report once a year on some phase of its work calculated to be of particular interest and value to medical officers of the armed forces . END
the first report in this continuing series appeared in the september 1960 issue of the journal . END
another recent achievement was the successful development of a method for the complete combustion in a bomb UNK of a metal in UNK when the product is relatively UNK . END
this work gave a heat of formation of aluminum UNK which closely UNK a value which had been determined by a less direct method , and raises this property to 15 percent above that accepted a few years ago . END
similar measurements are being initiated to resolve a large discrepancy in the heat of formation of another important combustion product , UNK UNK . END
the development and testing of new apparatus to measure other properties is nearing completion . END
in one of these , an UNK device to study systems UNK up to 6,000 af and 100 atmospheres pressure , a major goal was achieved . END
the accuracy of measuring the total electrical energy entering an exploding wire during a few microseconds was verified when two independent types of comparison with the heat energy produced had an uncertainty of less than 2 percent . END
this agreement is considered very good for such short time intervals . END
the method of calibration employs a fixed resistance element as a UNK . END
the element is inserted in the discharge circuit in place of the exploding wire , and the UNK heating of the element is measured with high accuracy . END
this is used as a reference for comparing the UNK heating and the electrical energy obtained from the measured current through the element and the measured voltage across the element . END
a high-speed shutter has been developed in order to permit photographic observation of any portion of the electrical wire explosion . END
the shutter consists of two parts : a UNK part and a UNK part . END
using UNK method , the UNK action is obtained from the UNK of a window by exploding a series of parallel lead wires . END
the UNK of the shutter consists of a piece of aluminum foil ( approximately af ) placed directly in front of the camera lens so that no light may pass into the camera . END
the opening action is obtained when a UNK , charged to high voltage , is suddenly discharged through the foil . END
during the discharge the magnetic forces set up by the passage of current cause the edges of the foil to roll inward toward its center line , thus allowing light to pass into the camera . END
experiments have shown that the shutter is 75 percent open in about UNK microseconds . END
the shutter aperture may be made larger or smaller by changing the foil area and adjusting the electrical energy input to the foil . END
laboratory measurements of interstellar radio spectra . END
besides the well-known hydrogen line at 21 cm wavelength , the spectra of UNK radio sources may contain sharp lines characteristic of other atoms , ions , and small molecules . END
the detection and study of such line spectra would add considerably to present information on interstellar gas clouds and , perhaps , planetary atmospheres . END
among the most likely producers of detectable radio line spectra are the light UNK UNK oh and UNK ; ; END
somewhat less likely sources are the heavier UNK UNK , UNK , and aj . END
very small concentrations of these UNK should be detectable ; ; END
in interstellar gas , concentrations as low as af molecules per af may be sufficient , as compared to the af hydrogen UNK af required for detection of the UNK line . END
high sensitivity in radio UNK is achieved by reducing the UNK of the receiver ; ; END
therefore , only with precise UNK of the line frequencies is an astronomical search for the radio spectra of these molecules feasible . END
to secure precise measurements of these frequencies , a research program in free radical UNK UNK has been started . END
since conventional methods are UNK at the low frequencies of these molecular transitions , the paramagnetic resonance method is being used instead . END
this involves the application of a strong magnetic field to the radical vapor , which shifts the UNK spectra to a conveniently high UNK range , where they may be measured with optimum sensitivity . END
the first UNK UNK investigated by the paramagnetic resonance method was the oh radical . END
results of this experiment include the frequencies of the two strong spectral lines by which oh may be identified in interstellar gas ; ; END
the frequencies are UNK and UNK af , with an uncertainty of UNK af . END
success in observing these spectral lines has so far , apparently , been confined to the laboratory ; ; END
UNK observations have yet to be reported . END
preparations are being made for similar experiments on UNK and UNK radicals . END
the bureau is pursuing an active program to provide a temperature scale and thermometer calibration services in the range 1.5 to 20 af . END
the efforts and accomplishments fall into three main categories : absolute UNK based upon the velocity of sound in helium gas , secondary UNK involving principally studies of the behavior of germanium resistors , and UNK UNK measurements ( see p. UNK ) . END
an UNK UNK has been constructed and used , with helium gas as the UNK fluid , to measure temperatures near 4.2 and UNK af . END
such an UNK provides a means of absolute temperature measurement , and may be used as an alternative to the gas thermometer . END
when values of temperature derived with this instrument were compared with the accepted values associated with liquid UNK vapor pressures , differences of about 10 and 7 UNK respectively were found . END
this result is preliminary , and work is continuing . END
carbon resistors and UNK germanium resistors have been investigated for use as precision secondary thermometers in the liquid helium temperature region . END
several germanium resistors have been UNK UNK from 300 to 4.2 af and their UNK have been found to be reproducible within UNK UNK when temperatures were derived from a vapor pressure thermometer whose tubing is UNK through most of the liquid helium . END
preliminary UNK of the resistors have been made from UNK to UNK af at every 0.1 af . END
the estimated standard deviations of the data for two of the resistors were 1 UNK ; ; END
and for the third UNK , UNK UNK . END
the UNK of helium UNK thermometers have been investigated in conjunction with a `` constant temperature '' liquid helium bath from 4.2 to UNK af . END
surface temperature gradients have been found to exist in liquid helium baths contained in UNK and UNK metallic storage UNK . END
the gradient was about one half of a UNK at 4.2 af but increased to several UNK for bath temperatures slightly greater than the **yl point . END
a UNK head correction has been neither necessary nor applicable in the determination of vapor pressures or temperatures for the bulk liquid helium . END
however , the surface temperature gradient can produce erroneous UNK measurements for the bulk liquid helium unless precautions are taken to isolate the tube ( which passes through the surface to the vapor pressure bulb ) from the liquid helium surface . END
it has also been observed , in helium 2 , that large discrepancies can exist between surface vapor pressures and those pressures measured by a vapor pressure thermometer . END
this has been attributed to helium film flow in the vapor pressure thermometer . END
in this case also the design of the thermometer can be modified to reduce the helium film flow . END
pressure transducer for UNK measurements . END
precise UNK measurements on corrosive gases are dependent on a sensitive yet rugged pressure transducer . END
a UNK which UNK the requirements was developed and thoroughly tested . END
the transducer is a UNK instrument and employs a stretched diaphragm , UNK in. thick and 1 in. in diameter . END
a small pressure UNK UNK the diaphragm and changes the UNK between the diaphragm and an UNK insulated plate spaced UNK in. apart ( for af ) . END
spherical concave backing surfaces support the diaphragm when excessive pressures are applied and prevent the stresses within the diaphragm from exceeding the elastic limit . END
over a temperature range from 25 to 200 af and at pressures up to 250 UNK , an UNK of 300 UNK , applied for a period of one day , results in an uncertainty in the pressure of , at most , one UNK of mercury . END
transport properties of air . END
a UNK study of the transport properties of air at elevated temperatures has been completed . END
this project was carried out under sponsorship of the ballistic missile division of the air research and development command , u.s. air force , and had as its goal the investigation of the transport by diffusion of the heat energy of chemical binding . END
a significant effect discovered during the study is the existence of UNK numbers reaching values of more than unity in the nitrogen dissociation region . END
another effect discovered is the large UNK of thermal diffusion tending to separate nitrogen from the oxygen when temperature differences UNK the nitrogen dissociation region are present . END
the results of the study , based on collision UNK computed from the latest critically evaluated data on UNK forces in air , will be reported in the form of a table of viscosity , thermal conductivity , thermal diffusion , and diffusion UNK at temperatures of 1,000 to 10,000 af and of UNK of pressure in atmospheres from af to af times normal density . END
in march , 1961 , representatives of the national laboratories of australia , canada , the UNK , united kingdom , u.s.s.r. , united states , and west germany , met at the UNK to devise means for reaching international agreement on a temperature scale between 10 and 90 af . END
as a first step toward this goal , arrangements were worked out for comparing the scales now in use through circulation of a group of standard platinum resistance thermometers for calibration by each national laboratory . END
such a group of thermometers was obtained and UNK at the aj . END
these thermometers have now been sent to the united kingdom for calibration at the national physical laboratory . END
during the last week of march 1961 , columbus , ohio was the site of the fourth symposium on temperature , its measurement and control in science and industry . END
the symposium , which was jointly sponsored by the american institute of physics , the instrument society of america , and the national bureau of standards , attracted nearly one thousand UNK , including many from abroad . END
the bureau contributed to the planning and success of the symposium through the efforts of mr. w. a. UNK , general chairman , and dr. c. m. UNK , program chairman . END
dr. a. v. UNK , UNK director , opened the UNK session with UNK remarks , following which a total of twenty-six papers were given throughout the week by UNK scientists , from both the washington and boulder laboratories . END
in addition to the basic programs in wavelength standards , UNK , solid state physics , UNK of the free electron and atomic constants which are necessary to provide the foundation for technological progress , the bureau has strengthened its activities in laboratory UNK . END
the programs in infrared UNK are undergoing UNK toward wavelength standards in the far infrared , the application of infrared techniques to solid state studies , and increased emphasis on high resolution instrumentation . END
two data centers have been established for the collection , UNK , critical evaluation , and UNK of UNK and critical values in the fields of transition probabilities and collision cross sections . END
under the sponsorship of the office of naval research and the advanced research projects agency , a data center was established to gather and index all published information on atomic transition probabilities . END
an UNK survey was made of the literature , and a primary reference file of approximately 600 references was catalogued . END
selected UNK and tables of available data are now in preparation . END
a UNK UNK arc source was constructed and used to study transition probabilities of atomic hydrogen and oxygen . END
this apparatus will also be used to measure transition probabilities of a large number of other elements . END
a study of the hydrogen line UNK indicates that a measurement of these UNK can be used to calculate a temperature for the arc plasma that is reliable to about af percent . END
a set of tables containing spectral intensities for UNK lines of 70 elements , as observed in a copper UNK in a UNK arc , was completed and published . END
studies of the intensity data indicate that they may be converted to approximate transition probabilities . END
these data are not of the precision obtainable by the methods previously mentioned , but the vast number of approximate values available will be useful in many areas . END
research continues on the very complex spectra of the rare earth elements . END
new computer and automation techniques were applied to these spectra with considerable success . END
in addition to the penalties provided in title 18 , united states code , section UNK , any person guilty of any act , as provided therein , with respect to any matter under this title , shall UNK all rights under this title , and , if payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same . END
in connection with any claim decided by the commission pursuant to this title in which an award is made , the commission may , upon the written request of the claimant or any attorney heretofore or hereafter employed by such claimant , determine and UNK the just and reasonable UNK fees for services rendered with respect to such claim , but the total amount of the fees so determined in any case shall not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . END
written evidence that the claimant and any such attorney have agreed to the amount of the UNK fees shall be conclusive upon the commission : provided , however , that the total amount of the fees so agreed upon does not exceed 10 per centum of the total amount paid pursuant to the award . END
any fee so determined shall be entered as a part of such award , and payment thereof shall be made by the secretary of the treasury by UNK the amount thereof from the total amount paid pursuant to the award . END
any agreement to the contrary shall be UNK and void . END
the commission is authorized and directed to mail to each claimant in proceedings before the commission notice of the provisions of this subsection . END
whoever , in the united states or elsewhere , pays or offers to pay , or promises to pay , or receives on account of services rendered or to be rendered in connection with any such claim , compensation which , when added to any amount previously paid on account of such services , will exceed the amount of fees so determined by the commission , shall be guilty of a UNK , and , upon conviction thereof , shall be fined not more than $5,000 or imprisoned not more than twelve months , or both , and if any such payment shall have been made or granted , the commission shall take such action as may be necessary to recover the same , and , in addition thereto , any such person shall UNK all rights under this title . END
the attorney general shall assign such officers and employees of the department of justice as may be necessary to represent the united states as to any claims of the government of the united states with respect to which the commission has jurisdiction under this title . END
any and all payments required to be made by the secretary of the treasury under this title pursuant to any award made by the commission to the government of the united states shall be covered into the treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts . END
the commission shall notify all claimants of the approval or denial of their claims , stating the reasons and grounds UNK , and if approved , shall notify such claimants of the amount for which such claims are approved . END
any claimant whose claim is denied , or is approved for less than the full amount of such claim , shall be entitled , under such regulations as the commission may prescribe , to a hearing before the commission , or its duly authorized representatives , with respect to such claim . END
upon such hearing , the commission may affirm , modify , or revise its former action with respect to such claim , including a denial or reduction in the amount UNK allowed with respect to such claim . END
the action of the commission in allowing or denying any claim under this title shall be final and conclusive on all questions of law and fact and not subject to review by the secretary of state or any other official , department , agency , or establishment of the united states or by any court by UNK or otherwise . END
the commission may in its discretion enter an award with respect to one or more items deemed to have been clearly established in an individual claim while UNK consideration and action on other items of the same claim . END
the commission shall comply with the UNK of the administrative procedure act of 1946 except as otherwise specifically provided by this title . END
the commission shall , as soon as possible , and in the order of the making of such awards , certify to the secretary of the treasury and to the secretary of state copies of the awards made in favor of the government of the united states or of nationals of the united states under this title . END
the commission shall certify to the secretary of state , upon his request , copies of the formal UNK of claims filed pursuant to subsection ( b ) of section 4 of this act for transmission to the foreign government concerned . END
the commission shall complete its affairs in connection with settlement of united UNK claims arising under the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 not later than december 31 , 1954 : : END
provided , that nothing in this provision shall be construed to limit the life of the commission , or its authority to act on future agreements which may be effected under the provisions of this legislation . END
subject to the limitations hereinafter provided , the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed to pay , as prescribed by section 8 of this title , an amount not exceeding the principal of each award , plus UNK interests on such awards as bear interest , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title , in accordance with the award . END
such payments , and applications for such payments , shall be made in accordance with such regulations as the secretary of the treasury may prescribe . END
there shall be deducted from the amount of each payment made pursuant to subsection ( c ) of section 8 , as UNK for the expenses incurred by the united states , an amount equal to 5 per centum of such payment . END
all amounts so deducted shall be covered into the treasury to the credit of miscellaneous receipts . END
payments made pursuant to this title shall be made only to the person or persons on behalf of whom the award is made , except that -- ( 1 ) END
if such person is deceased or is under a legal disability , payment shall be made to his legal representative : provided , that if the total award is not over $500 and there is no qualified UNK or administrator , payment may be made to the person or persons found by the comptroller general of the united states to be entitled thereto , without the necessity of compliance with the requirements of law with respect to the administration of estates ; ; END
in the case of a partnership or corporation , the existence of which has been terminated and on behalf of which an award is made , payment shall be made , except as provided in paragraphs ( 3 ) and ( 4 ) , to the person or persons found by the comptroller general of the united states to be entitled thereto ; ; END
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation has been duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the united states and has not been discharged prior to the date of payment , payment shall be made to such receiver or trustee in accordance with the order of the court ; ; END
if a receiver or trustee for any such partnership or corporation , duly appointed by a court of competent jurisdiction in the united states , makes an assignment of the claim , or any part thereof , with respect to which an award is made , or makes an assignment of such award , or any part thereof , payment shall be made to the UNK , as his interest may appear ; ; END
in the case of any assignment of an award , or any part thereof , which is made in writing and duly acknowledged and filed , after such award is certified to the secretary of the treasury , payment may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be made to the UNK , as his interest may appear . END
whenever the secretary of the treasury , or the comptroller general of the united states , as the case may be , shall find that any person is entitled to any such payment , after such payment shall have been received by such person , it shall be an absolute bar to recovery by any other person against the united states , its officers , agents , or employees with respect to such payment . END
any person who makes application for any such payment shall be held to have consented to all the provisions of this title . END
nothing in the title shall be construed as the assumption of any liability by the united states for the payment or satisfaction , in whole or in part , of any claim on behalf of any national of the united states against any foreign government . END
there are hereby created in the treasury of the united states ( 1 ) a special fund to be known as the yugoslav claims fund ; ; END
and ( 2 ) such other special funds as may , in the discretion of the secretary of the treasury , be required each to be a claims fund to be known by the name of the foreign government which has entered into a settlement agreement with the government of the united states as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this title . END
there shall be covered into the treasury to the credit of the proper special fund all funds hereinafter specified . END
all payments authorized under section 7 of this title shall be UNK from the proper fund , as the case may be , and all amounts covered into the treasury to the credit of the UNK funds are hereby permanently appropriated for the making of the payments authorized by section 7 of this title . END
the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed to cover into -- ( 1 ) END
the yugoslav claims fund the sum of UNK being the amount paid by the government of the federal people's republic of yugoslavia pursuant to the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 ; ; END
a special fund created for that purpose pursuant to subsection ( a ) of this section any amounts hereafter paid , in united states dollars , by a foreign government which has entered into a claims settlement agreement with the government of the united states as described in subsection ( a ) of section 4 of this title . END
the secretary of the treasury is authorized and directed out of the sums covered into any of the funds pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , and after making the deduction provided for in section 7 ( b ) of this title -- ( 1 ) END
to make payments in full of the principal of awards of $1,000 or less , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title ; ; END
to make payments of $1,000 on the principal of each award of more than $1,000 in principal amount , certified pursuant to section 5 of this title ; ; END
to make additional payment of not to exceed 25 per centum of the unpaid principal of awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 ; ; END
after completing the payments prescribed by paragraphs ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) of this subsection , to make payments , from time to time in UNK proportions , on account of the unpaid principal of all awards in the principal amount of more than $1,000 , according to the proportions which the unpaid principal of such awards bear to the total amount in the fund available for distribution at the time such payments are made ; ; END
after payment has been made of the principal amounts of all such awards , to make pro UNK payments on account of UNK interest on such awards as bear interest . END
the secretary of the treasury , upon the concurrence of the secretary of state , is authorized and directed , out of the sum covered into the yugoslav claims fund pursuant to subsection ( b ) of this section , after completing the payments of such funds pursuant to subsection ( c ) of this section , to make payment of the balance of any sum remaining in such fund to the government of the federal people's republic of yugoslavia to the extent required under article 1 ( c ) of the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 . END
the secretary of state shall certify to the secretary of the treasury the total cost of adjudication , not borne by the claimants , attributable to the yugoslav claims agreement of 1948 . END
such UNK shall be final and conclusive and shall not be subject to review by any other official or department , agency , or establishment of the united states . END
there is hereby authorized to be appropriated , out of any money in the treasury not otherwise appropriated , such sums as may be necessary to enable the commission to carry out its functions under this title . END
mr. speaker , for several years now the commuter railroads serving our large metropolitan areas have found it increasingly difficult to render the kind of service our expanding population wants and is entitled to have . END
the causes of the decline of the commuter railroads are many and complex -- high taxes , losses of revenue to government subsidized highway and air carriers , to name but two . END
and the solutions to the problems of the commuter lines have been equally varied , ranging all the way from government ownership to complete UNK of this important service . END
there have been a number of sound plans proposed . END
but none of these has been UNK . END
instead we have stood idly by , watched our commuter railroad service decline , and have failed to offer a helping hand . END
though the number of people flowing in and out of our metropolitan areas each day has increased tremendously since world war 2 , , total annual rail UNK dropped UNK million for 1947 to 1957 . END
nowhere has this decline been more painfully evident than in the new york city area . END
here the new york central railroad , one of the nation's most important carriers , has alone lost UNK percent of its passengers since 1949 . END
at this time of crisis in our nation's commuter railroads , a new threat to the continued operations of the new york central has appeared in the form of the chesapeake & ohio UNK proposal for control of the baltimore & ohio railroads . END
the new york central has pointed out that this control , if approved by the interstate commerce commission , would give the combined c. & o. - b. & o. railroad a total of UNK points served in common with the new york central . END
not only is this kind of duplication wasteful , but it gives the combined system the ability to take freight traffic away from the new york central and other railroads serving the area . END
the new york central notes : `` END
the freight traffic most susceptible to UNK by the c. & o. - b. & o. provides the backbone of UNK revenues . END
these revenues make it possible to provide essential freight and passenger service over the entire new york central system as well as the new york area commuter and terminal freight services . END
if these services are to be maintained , the new york central must have the revenues to make them possible '' . END
the new york central today handles 60 percent of all UNK commuter traffic coming into new york city . END
this is a UNK million operation involving UNK employees who work on commuter traffic exclusively . END
a blow to this phase of the UNK operations would have serious economic consequences not only to the railroad itself , but to the 40,000 people per day who are provided with efficient , reasonably priced transportation in and out of the city . END
there is a workable alternative to this potentially dangerous and UNK c. & o. - b. & o. merger scheme '' -- END
the central has pointed out . END
the logic of creating a strong , balanced , competitive UNK railroad service in the east is so obvious that b. & o. was publicly committed to the approach outlined here . END
detailed studies of the plan were well UNK . END
though far from completion , these studies indicated beyond a doubt that savings would result which would be of unprecedented benefit to the railroads concerned , their investors , their customers , their users , and to the public at large . END
then , abandoning the studies in the face of their promising outlook for all concerned , b. & o. entered UNK negotiations with c. & o. which resulted in the present situation . END
in the light of the facts at hand , however , new york central intends to pursue the objective of helping to create a healthy UNK eastern railroad structure in the public interest '' . END
the interstate commerce commission will UNK its deliberations on the proposed c. & o. - b. & o. merger on june 18 . END
obviously , the interstate commerce commission will not force the new york central to further curtail its commuter operations by giving undue competitive advantages to the lines that wish to merge . END
however , there is a more profound consideration to this proposed merger than profit and loss . END
that is , will it serve the long-range public interest ? ? END
for the past 40 years congress has advocated a carefully planned , balanced and competitive railway system . END
we must ask ourselves which of the two alternatives will help the commuter -- the UNK b. & o. - c. & o. merger , or the UNK new york central - b. & o. - c. & o. merger . END
which will serve not only the best interest of the stockholders , but the interests of all the traveling public ? ? END
mr. speaker , i rise today to pay tribute to a great newspaper , the new york times , on the occasion of a major change in its top executive command . END
arthur hays UNK has been a distinguished publisher of this distinguished newspaper and it is fitting that we take due notice of his major contribution to american journalism on the occasion of his retirement . END
i am pleased to note that mr. UNK will continue to serve as chairman of the board of the new york times . END
mr. UNK successor as publisher is mr. UNK e. UNK , who is president of the new york times co. , and who has been with the times since 1942 . END
mr. UNK outstanding career as a journalist guarantees that the high standards which have made the times one of the world's great newspapers will be maintained . END
i am also pleased to note that mr. john b. UNK , a member of the times staff since 1946 , has been appointed as editorial page editor . END
mr. UNK succeeds charles UNK , editor since 1938 , who now becomes editor UNK . END
i should like at this time , mr. speaker , to pay warm tribute to arthur hays UNK and charles UNK on the occasion of their retirement from distinguished careers in american journalism . END
my UNK congratulations go to their successors , UNK e. UNK and john b. UNK , who can be counted upon to sustain the UNK tradition of the new york times . END
the people of the 17th district of new york , and i as their representative in congress , take great pride in the new york times as one of the great and authoritative newspapers of the world . END
mr. speaker , in my latest newsletter to my constituents i urged the imposition of a naval blockade of cuba as the only effective method of preventing continued soviet armaments from coming into the western hemisphere in violation of the monroe doctrine . END
yesterday , i had the privilege of reading a thoughtful article in the u.s. news & world report of may 8 which discussed this type of action in more detail , including both its advantages and its disadvantages . END
under leave to extend my remarks , i include the relevant portion of my newsletter , together with the text of the article from the u.s. news & world report : `` your congressman , samuel s. UNK , reports from washington , may 1 , 1961 END
cuban UNK : whatever may have been the UNK resulting from the unsuccessful attempt of the cuban rebels to establish a UNK on the UNK mainland last week , there was at least one positive benefit , and that was the clear-cut revelation to the whole world of the complete conversion of cuba into a UNK military base . END
in fact , one of the major reasons for the failure of the ill-starred expedition appears to have been a lack of full information on the extent to which cuba has been getting this russian military equipment . END
somehow , the pictures and stories of soviet UNK tanks on cuban beaches and russian UNK jet fighters UNK rebel troops has brought home to all of us the stark , blunt truth of what it means to have a russian military base 90 miles away from home . END
russian tanks and planes in cuba jeopardize the security of the united states , violate the monroe doctrine , and threaten the security of every other latin american republic . END
once the full extent of this russian military penetration of cuba was clear , president kennedy announced we would take whatever action was appropriate to prevent this , even if we had to go it alone . END
but the latin american republics who have been rather inclined to drag their feet on taking action against castro also reacted swiftly last week by finally throwing cuba off the inter-american defense board . END
for years the united states had been trying to get these countries to exclude castro's representative from secret military talks . END
but it took the pictures of the UNK and the UNK tanks to do the job . END
there is a new atmosphere of urgency in washington this week . END
you can see it , for example , in the extensive efforts president kennedy has made to enlist solid UNK support for his actions toward both cuba and laos ; ; END
efforts , as i see it , which are being directed , by the way , toward support for future actions , not for those already past . END
what the next move will be only time , of course , will tell . END
personally , i think we ought to set up an immediate naval blockade of cuba . END
we simply can't tolerate further russian weapons , including the possibility of long-range nuclear missiles , being located in cuba . END
obviously , we can't stop them from coming in , however , just by talk . END
a naval blockade would be thoroughly in line with the monroe doctrine , would be a relatively simple operation to carry out , and would bring an abrupt end to soviet penetration of our hemisphere '' . END
( from u.s. news & world report , may 8 , 1961 ) END
next for cuba : an arms blockade ? ? END
look at castro now -- UNK than ever with arms and agents to threaten the UNK . END
how can the united states act ? ? END
blockade is one answer offered by experts . END
in it they see a way to isolate cuba , stop infiltration , maybe finish castro , too . END
this is the question now facing president kennedy : how to put a stop to the soviet UNK in cuba and to communist infiltration of this hemisphere ? ? END
on april 25 , the white house reported that a total UNK of remaining u.s. trade with cuba was being considered . END
its aim : to undermine further UNK economy . END
another strategy -- UNK and tougher -- was also attracting notice in washington : a naval and air blockade to cut cuba off from the world , destroy castro . END
blockade , in the view of military and civilian experts , could restore teeth to the monroe doctrine . END
it could halt a flood of communist arms and strategic supplies now reaching castro . END
it could stop cuban UNK of guns and propaganda materials to south america . END
it would be the most severe UNK , short of declared war , that the united states could invoke against castro . END
it is the strategy of blockade , therefore , that is suddenly at the center of attention of administration officials , members of congress , officers in the pentagon . END
as a possible course of action , it also is the center of debate and is raising many questions . END
among these questions : what would a cuba blockade take ? ? END
military experts say a tight naval blockade off cuban ports and at the approaches to cuban waters would require two naval task forces , each built around an aircraft carrier with a complement of about 100 planes and several UNK . END
the navy , on april 25 , announced it is bringing back the carrier UNK from the mediterranean , increasing to four the number of attack carriers in the vicinity of cuba . END
more than 36 other big navy ships are no less than a day's sailing time away . END
to round out the UNK force , submarines would be needed -- to locate , identify and track approaching vessels . END
UNK radar would help with this task . END
so would radar picket ships . END
a UNK of navy jets and another of long-range patrol planes would add support to the carrier task forces . END
three requirements go with a blockade : it must be proclaimed ; ; END
the UNK force must be powerful enough to enforce it ; ; END
and it must be enforced without discrimination . END
once these conditions of international law are met , countries that try to run the blockade do so at their own risk . END
blockade runners can be stopped -- by gunfire , if necessary -- searched and held , at least temporarily . END
they could be sent to u.s. ports for UNK whether cargo should be UNK . END
what could a blockade accomplish ? ? END
plenty , say the experts . END
in a broad sense , it would UNK the monroe doctrine by opposing communist interference in the western hemisphere . END
it could , by avoiding direct intervention , provide a UNK strategy to meet UNK infiltration . END
primary target would be shipments of tanks , guns , aviation gasoline and ammunition coming from russia and czechoslovakia . END
shipments of arms from western countries could similarly be seized as UNK . END
in a total blockade , action could also be taken against ships bringing in chemicals , oils , textiles , and even UNK . END
at times , three ships a day from the soviet bloc are unloading in cuban ports . END
from its inception in 1920 with the passage of public law UNK , UNK congress , the purpose of the vocational rehabilitation program has been to assist the states , by means of UNK , to return disabled men and women to productive , UNK employment . END
the authority for the program was renewed several times until the vocational rehabilitation program was made permanent as title 5 , of the social security act in 1935 . END
up to this time and for the next eight years , the services provided disabled persons consisted mainly of training , counseling , and placement on a job . END
recognizing the limitations of such a program , the UNK congress in 1943 passed p. l. UNK , which broadened the concept of rehabilitation to include the provision of physical restoration services to remove or reduce UNK , and which revised the financing structure . END
despite the successful rehabilitation of over a half million disabled persons in the first eleven years after 1943 , the existing program was still seen to be inadequate to cope with the nation's backlog of an estimated two million disabled . END
to assist the states , therefore , in UNK handicapped individuals , `` so that they may prepare for and engage in UNK employment to the extent of their capabilities '' , the UNK congress enacted the vocational rehabilitation amendments of 1954 ( p. l. UNK ) . END
these amendments to the vocational rehabilitation act were designed to help provide for more specialized rehabilitation facilities , for more sheltered and `` half-way '' workshops , for greater numbers of adequately trained personnel , for more comprehensive services to individuals ( particularly to the UNK and the blind ) , and for other administrative improvements to increase the UNK overall effectiveness . END
under the law as it existed until 1943 , the federal government made grants to the states on the basis of population , matching state expenditures on a UNK basis . END
under p. l. UNK , UNK congress , the federal government assumed responsibility for 100% of necessary state expenditures in connection with administration and the counseling and placement of the disabled , and for 50% of the necessary costs of providing clients with rehabilitation case services . END
throughout these years , the statutory UNK was for such sums as were necessary to carry out the provisions of the act . END
the 1954 amendments completely changed the financing of the vocational rehabilitation program , providing for a three-part grant structure -- for ( 1 ) basic support ; ; END
( 2 ) extension and improvement ; ; END
and ( 3 ) research , demonstrations , training and UNK for vocational rehabilitation -- and in addition for short-term training and instruction . END
the first part of the new structure -- that for supporting the basic program of vocational rehabilitation services -- is described in this section . END
subsequent sections on grants describe the other categories of the grant structure . END
the following table shows , for selected years , the authorizations , appropriations , allotment base , federal grants to states and state matching funds for this part of the grant program : END
in order to assist the states in maintaining basic vocational rehabilitation services , section 2 of the amended act provides that allotments to states for support of such services be based on ( 1 ) need , as measured by a state's population , and ( 2 ) fiscal capacity , as measured by its per capita income . END
the act further provides for a `` floor '' or minimum allotment , set at the 1954 level , which is called the `` base '' allotment , and a `` ceiling '' or maximum allotment , for each state . END
it UNK , in addition , that all amounts remaining as a result of imposing the `` ceiling '' , and not used for insuring the `` floor '' , be UNK to those states still below their UNK . END
these provisions are designed to reflect the differences in wealth and population among the states , with the objective that a UNK handicapped person have access to needed services regardless of whether he resides in a state with a low or high per capita income or a UNK or thickly populated state . END
the provisions are also designed to avoid UNK in state programs already in operation , which might otherwise result from the allotment of funds on the basis of wealth and population alone . END
method of computing allotments . END
the method used in computing the allotments is specifically set forth in the act . END
the term `` state '' means the several states , the district of columbia , the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico ; ; END
the term `` united states '' includes the several states and the district of columbia , and UNK the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii . END
the following steps are employed in calculations : 1 . END
for each state ( except puerto rico , guam , the virgin islands , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) determine average per capita income based on the last three years . END
( see source of data , below for per capita income data to be used in this step . END
determine the average per capita income for the u. s. based on the last three years . END
( see source of data , below , for per capita income data to be used in this step . END
determine the ratio of 50% to the average per capita income of the u. s. ( divide 50 by the result obtained in item 2 above . END
determine for each state ( except the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) that percentage which bears the same ratio to 50% as the particular state's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the u. s. . END
( multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the result obtained for each state in item 1 above . END
determine the particular state's `` allotment percentage '' . END
by law this is 75% for the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico . END
( alaska and hawaii had fixed allotment percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962 . END
in all other states it is the difference obtained by UNK from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; END
except that no state shall have an allotment percentage less than UNK nor more than 75% . END
if the resulting difference for the particular state is less or more than these extremes , the state's allotment percentage must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme . END
square each state's allotment percentage . END
determine each state's population . END
( see source of data , below for population data to be used in this step . END
multiply the population of each state by the square of its allotment percentage . END
( multiply result obtained in item 7 above , by result obtained in item 6 above . END
determine the sum of the products obtained in item 8 above , for all the states . END
( for each state , make all UNK set forth in items 1 to 8 above , and then add the results obtained for each state in item 8 . END
determine the ratio that the amount being allotted is to the sum of the products for all the states . END
( divide the amount being allotted by the result obtained in item 9 above . END
determine the particular state's unadjusted allotment for the particular fiscal year . END
( multiply the state product in item 8 above by the result obtained in item 10 above . END
determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is greater than its maximum allotment , and if so lower its unadjusted allotment to its maximum allotment . END
( each state's unadjusted allotment for any fiscal year , which exceeds its minimum allotment described in item 13 below by a percentage greater than one and one-half times the percentage by which the sum being allotted exceeds UNK , must be reduced by the amount of the excess . END
determine if the particular state's unadjusted allotment ( result obtained in item 11 above ) is less than its minimum ( base ) allotment , and if so raise its unadjusted allotment to its minimum allotment . END
regardless of its unadjusted allotment , each state is guaranteed by law a minimum allotment each year equal to the allotment which it received in fiscal year 1954 -- increased by a uniform percentage of UNK which brings total 1954 allotments to all states up to UNK . END
the funds UNK by reductions in item 12 above are used : first , to increase the unadjusted allotments to the specified minimum in those states where the unadjusted allotment is less than the minimum allotment ( item 13 above ) ; ; END
and second , to increase uniformly the allotments to those states whose allotments are below their UNK , with adjustments to prevent the allotment of any state from thereby exceeding its maximum . END
additional note on allotments . END
for the states which maintain two separate agencies -- one for the vocational rehabilitation of the blind , and one for the rehabilitation of persons other than the blind -- the act specifies that their minimum ( base ) allotment shall be divided between the two agencies in the same proportion as it was divided in fiscal year 1954 . END
funds allotted in addition to their minimum allotment are apportioned to the two agencies as they may determine . END
explanation of matching formula . END
as is the case with the allotment provisions for support of vocational rehabilitation services , the matching requirements are also based on a statutory formula . END
prior to 1960 , in order to provide matching for the minimum ( base ) allotment , state funds had to equal 1954 state funds . END
prior to and since 1960 the rest of the support allotment is matched at rates related to the fiscal capacity of the state , with a UNK of 40% state ( or UNK federal ) participation in total program costs . END
the percentage of federal participation in such costs for any state is referred to in the law as that state's `` federal share '' . END
for purposes of this explanation , this percentage is referred to as the state's `` unadjusted federal share '' . END
beginning in 1960 , the matching requirements for the base allotment are being adjusted ( upward or downward , as required ) 25% a year , so that by 1963 the entire support allotment will be matched on the basis of a 40% UNK state share , with maximum and minimum state shares of 50% and 30% , respectively . END
the UNK rate of federal participation with respect to any state's base allotment , as well as the adjusted rate in effect during the 1960 - 1962 period , is designated by the statute as that state's `` adjusted federal share '' . END
the provisions for determining a state's unadjusted federal share are designed to reflect the varying financial resources among the states . END
the purpose of the adjusted federal share relating to the base allotment and of the transition provisions for reaching the unadjusted federal share is to prevent UNK from abrupt changes in matching rates . END
method of computing federal shares . END
the method used for computing the respective federal and state shares in total program costs is specifically set forth in the act . END
the term `` state '' means the several states , the district of columbia , the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico ; ; END
the term `` united states '' includes the several states and the district of columbia and UNK the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii . END
the following steps are employed in the calculations : 1 . END
for each state ( except the virgin islands , guam , puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) , determine the average per capita income for the last three years . END
( the same amount used in item 1 under method of computing allotments , above . END
determine the average per capita income for the united states for the last three years . END
( the same amount used in item 2 under method of computing allotments , above . END
determine the ratio of 40% to the average per capita income of the united states . END
( divide 40 by the amount used in item 2 above . END
determine for each state ( except the virgin islands , guam , puerto rico , and , prior to 1962 , alaska and hawaii ) , that percentage which bears the same ration to 40% as the particular state's average per capita income bears to the average per capita income of the united states . END
( multiply the result obtained in item 3 above by the amount used for each state in item 1 above . END
determine the particular state's `` federal share '' . END
by law this is UNK for the virgin islands , guam and puerto rico . END
( alaska and hawaii had fixed federal share percentages in effect prior to fiscal year 1962 . END
in all other states it is the difference obtained by UNK from 100 the result obtained in item 4 above ; ; END
except that no state shall have a federal share less than 50% nor more than UNK . END
if the resulting difference for the particular state is less or more than these extremes , the state's federal share must be raised or lowered to the appropriate extreme . END
at the entrance side of the shelter , each roof beam is rested on the inside 4 inches of the block wall . END
the outside UNK space is filled by UNK blocks on edge . END
the wooden UNK between the roof beams is placed flush with the inside of the wall . END
mortar is poured between this UNK and the UNK blocks on edge to complete the wall thickness for radiation shielding . END
( for details see UNK , fig. 5 . END
the first one or two roof boards ( marked `` e '' in fig. 6 ) are slipped into place across the roof beams , from outside the shelter . END
these boards are nailed to the roof beams by reaching up through the open space between the beams , from inside the shelter . END
concrete blocks are passed between the beams and put on the boards . END
the roof blocks are in two layers and are not UNK together . END
work on the roof continues in this way . END
the last roof boards are covered with blocks from outside the shelter . END
when the roof blocks are all in place , the final rows of wall blocks are UNK into position . END
the structure is complete . END
( see fig. 7 . END
) building plans are on page 21 . END
solid concrete blocks , relatively heavy and dense , are used for this shelter . END
these blocks are sold in various sizes so it seldom is necessary to cut a block to fit . END
solid blocks are recommended because hollow blocks would have to be filled with concrete to give effective protection . END
bricks are an alternative . END
if they are used , the walls and roof should be 10 inches thick to give the same protection as the UNK solid concrete blocks . END
the illustrations in fig. 8 show how to lay a concrete block wall . END
more detailed instructions may be obtained from your local building supply houses and craftsmen . END
other sources of information include the national concrete masonry association , 38 south UNK street , chicago , ill. , the portland cement association , 33 west grand avenue , chicago , ill. , and the structural clay products association , washington , d.c. . END
an outdoor , UNK fallout shelter also may be built with concrete blocks . END
( see fig. 9 , UNK shelter . END
) most people would have to hire a contractor to build this shelter . END
plans are on pages 22 and 23 . END
this shelter could be built in regions where water or rock is close to the surface , making it impractical to build an underground shelter . END
two walls of concrete blocks are constructed at least 20 inches apart . END
the space between them is filled with UNK gravel or earth . END
the walls are held together with metal ties placed in the wet mortar as the walls are built . END
the roof shown here ( fig. 9 ) is a UNK slab of reinforced concrete , covered with at least 20 inches of UNK gravel . END
an alternate roof , perhaps more within do-it-yourself reach , could be constructed of heavy wooden roof beams , UNK with boards and UNK . END
it would have to be covered with at least 28 inches of UNK gravel . END
the materials for a UNK shelter would cost about $700 . END
UNK charges would be additional . END
the shelter would provide almost absolute fallout protection . END
UNK corrugated metal sections or UNK concrete can be used for shelters either above or below ground . END
these are particularly suitable for regions where water or rock is close to the surface . END
they form effective fallout shelters when UNK over with earth , as shown in figure 10 . END
materials for this shelter would cost about $700 . END
a contractor probably would be required to help build it . END
his charges would be added to the cost of materials . END
this shelter , as shown on page 24 , would provide almost absolute protection from fallout radiation . END
an alternate UNK entrance , shown on page 25 , would reduce the cost of materials $50 to $100 . END
the national lumber manufacturers association , washington , d. c. , is developing plans to utilize specially treated lumber for underground shelter construction . END
the structural clay products institute , washington , d.c. , is working to develop brick and clay products suitable for shelter construction . END
an underground reinforced concrete shelter can be built by a contractor for about $1,000 to $1,500 , depending on the type of entrance . END
the shelter shown would provide almost absolute fallout protection . END
the illustration ( fig. 11 ) shows this shelter with the roof at ground level and UNK over . END
the same shelter could be built into an embankment or below ground level . END
plans for the shelter , with either a stairway or UNK entrance , are shown on pages 26 and 27 . END
another type of shelter which gives excellent fallout protection can be built as an added room to the basement of a home under construction . END
it would add about $500 to the total cost of the home . END
the shelter illustrated in figure 12 is based on such a room built in a new home in the washington , d.c. area in the spring of 1959 . END
important considerations common to each type of shelter are : 1 . END
arrangement of the entrance . END
the entrance must have at least one UNK turn . END
radiation UNK somewhat like light . END
some will go around a corner . END
the rest continues in a straight line . END
therefore , sharp turns in a shelter entrance will reduce radiation intensity inside the shelter . END
ventilation is provided in a concrete block basement shelter by vents in the wall and by the open entrance . END
a blower may be installed to increase comfort . END
a blower is essential for the UNK shelter and for the underground shelters . END
it should provide not less than 5 cubic feet per minute of air per person . END
vent pipes also are necessary ( as shown in figs. 9 , 10 , and 11 ) , but filters are not . END
radio reception is cut down by the shielding necessary to keep out radiation . END
as soon as the shelter is completed a radio reception check must be made . END
it probably will be necessary to install an outside antenna , particularly to receive UNK broadcasts . END
lighting is an important consideration . END
continuous UNK lighting may be provided in the shelter by means of a UNK UNK battery to which is wired a UNK UNK bulb . END
tests have shown that such a device , with a fresh battery , will furnish light continuously for at least 10 days . END
with a spare battery , a source of light for 2 weeks or more would be assured . END
a flashlight or electric lantern also should be available for those periods when a brighter light is needed . END
there should be a regular electrical outlet in the shelter as power may continue in many areas . END
-- if there are outside windows in the basement corner where you build a shelter , they should be shielded as shown in the appendix , page 29 . END
other basement windows should be blocked when an emergency threatens . END
basement walls that project above the ground should be shielded as shown in the appendix , page 29 . END
in these shelters the entrance should be not more than 2 feet wide . END
bunks , or materials to build them , may have to be put inside the enclosure before the shelter walls are completed . END
the basement or UNK shelters also will serve for UNK or hurricane protection . END
the UNK of fallout UNK rapidly at first . END
forty-nine hours after an atomic burst the radiation intensity is only about 1 percent of what it was an hour after the explosion . END
but the radiation may be so intense at the start that one percent may be extremely dangerous . END
therefore , civil defense instructions received over UNK or by other means should be followed . END
a UNK radio is essential . END
radiation instruments suitable for home use are available , and would be of value in locating that portion of the home which offers the best protection against fallout radiation . END
there is a possibility that UNK radios with UNK radiation meters may become available . END
one instrument thus would serve both purposes . END
your local civil defense will gather its own information and will receive broad information from state and federal sources . END
it will tell you as soon as possible : END
how long to stay in your shelter ; ; END
how soon you may go outdoors ; ; END
how long you may stay outside . END
you should be prepared to stay in your shelter full time for at least several days and to make it your home for 14 days or longer . END
a UNK in the appendix ( ( page 30 ) tells what is needed . END
families with children will have particular problems . END
they should provide for simple recreation . END
there should be a task for everyone and these tasks should be rotated . END
part of the family should be sleeping while the rest is awake . END
to break the monotony it may be necessary to invent tasks that will keep the family busy . END
records such as UNK can be kept . END
the survival of the family will depend largely on information received by radio . END
a record should be kept of the information and instructions , including the time and date of broadcast . END
family UNK probably will be necessary . END
UNK should be operated periodically on a regular schedule . END
there will come a time in a basement shelter when the radiation has decayed enough to allow use of the whole basement . END
however , as much time as possible should be spent within the shelter to hold radiation exposure to a minimum . END
the housekeeping problems of living in a shelter will begin as soon as the shelter is occupied . END
food , medical supplies , UNK , and equipment , if not already stored in the shelter , must be quickly gathered up and carried into it . END
after the family has settled in the shelter , the housekeeping rules should be spelled out by the adult in charge . END
sanitation in the confines of the family shelter will require much thought and planning . END
provision for emergency toilet facilities and disposal of human wastes will be an unfamiliar problem . END
a covered container such as a kitchen garbage pail might do as a toilet . END
a UNK garbage can , with a tightly fitting cover , could be used to keep the wastes until it is safe to leave the shelter . END
water UNK will be difficult and should be planned carefully . END
a portable electric heater is UNK for shelters in cold UNK . END
it would take the chill from the shelter in the beginning . END
even if the electric power fails after an attack , any time that the heater has been used will make the shelter that much more comfortable . END
body heat in the close quarters will help keep up the temperature . END
warm clothing and UNK , of course , are essential . END
UNK heating or cooking should be avoided . END
a flame would use up air . END
some families already have held weekend rehearsals in their home shelters to learn the problems and to determine for themselves what supplies they would need . END
if an attack finds you without a prepared shelter END
few areas , if any , are as good as prepared shelters but they are worth knowing about . END
a family dwelling without a basement provides some natural shielding from fallout radiation . END
on the ground floor the radiation would be about half what it is outside . END
the best protection would be on the ground floor in the central part of the house . END
a UNK basement can cut the fallout radiation to one-tenth of the outside level . END
the safest place is the basement corner least exposed to windows and deepest below ground . END
if there is time after the warning , the basement shielding could be improved substantially by UNK windows with bricks , dirt , books , magazines , or other heavy material . END
large apartment buildings of masonry or concrete provide better natural shelter than the usual family dwellings . END
in general , such apartments afford more protection than smaller buildings because their walls are thick and there is more space . END
the central area of the ground floor of a heavily constructed apartment building , with concrete floors , should provide more fallout protection than the ordinary basement of a family dwelling . END
the basement of such an apartment building may provide as much natural protection as the specially constructed concrete block shelter recommended for the basement of a family dwelling . END
the federal government is aiding local governments in several places to survey residential , commercial and industrial buildings to determine what fallout protection they would provide , and for how many people . END
the problem for the city apartment UNK is primarily to plan the use of existing space . END
such planning will require the cooperation of other occupants and of the apartment management . END
a former du pont official became a general motors vice president and set about maximizing du pont's share of the general motors market . END
lines of communications were established between the two companies and several du pont products were actively promoted . END
within a few years various du pont manufactured items were filling the entire requirements of from four to seven of general UNK eight operating divisions . END
the fisher body division , long controlled by the fisher brothers under a voting trust even though general motors owned a majority of its stock , followed an independent course for many years , but by 1947 and 1948 `` resistance had collapsed '' and its purchases from du pont `` compared favorably '' with purchases by other general motors divisions . END
competitors came to receive higher percentage of general motors business in later years , but it is `` likely '' that this trend UNK `` at least in part '' from the needs of general motors UNK du pont's capacity . END
the fact that sticks out in this UNK record is that the bulk of du pont's production has always supplied the largest part of the requirements of the one customer in the automobile industry connected to du pont by a stock interest . END
the inference is overwhelming that du pont's commanding position was promoted by its stock interest and was not gained solely on competitive merit '' . END
353 u. s. , at UNK . END
this court agreed with the trial court `` that considerations of price , quality and service were not overlooked by either du pont or general motors '' . END
353 u. s. , at UNK . END
however , it determined that neither this factor , nor `` the fact that all concerned in high executive posts in both companies acted UNK and fairly , each in the honest conviction that his actions were in the best interests of his own company and without any design to UNK anyone , including du pont's competitors '' , outweighed the government's claim for relief . END
this claim , as submitted to the district court and dismissed by it , UNK UNK , alleged violation not only of 7 of the clayton act , but also of 1 and 2 of the sherman act . END
the latter provisions UNK any contract , combination , or conspiracy in restraint of interstate or foreign trade , and UNK of , or attempts , combinations , or UNK to monopolize , such trade . END
however , this court put to one side without consideration the government's appeal from the dismissal of its sherman act allegations . END
it rested its decision solely on 7 , which reads in pertinent part : `` END
no corporation engaged in commerce shall acquire , directly or indirectly , the whole or any part of the stock or other share capital of another corporation engaged also in commerce , where the effect of such acquisition may be to substantially lessen competition between the corporation whose stock is so acquired and the corporation making the acquisition , or to restrain such commerce in any section or community , or tend to create a monopoly of any line of commerce . END
this section shall not apply to corporations purchasing such stock solely for investment and not using the same by voting or otherwise to bring about , or in attempting to bring about , the substantial lessening of competition . END
the purpose of this provision was thus explained in the court's opinion : `` END
section 7 is designed to arrest in its UNK not only the substantial lessening of competition from the acquisition by one corporation of the whole or any part of the stock of a competing corporation , but also to arrest in their UNK restraints or monopolies in a relevant market which , as a reasonable probability , appear at the time of suit likely to result from the acquisition by one corporation of all or any part of the stock of any other corporation . END
the section is violated whether or not actual restraints or monopolies , or the substantial lessening of competition , have occurred or are intended . END
'' 353 u. s. , at UNK . END
thus , a finding of conspiracy to restrain trade or attempt to monopolize was excluded from the court's decision . END
indeed , as already noted , the court proceeded on the assumption that the executives involved in the dealings between du pont and general motors acted `` UNK and fairly '' and exercised their business judgment only to serve what they deemed the best interests of their own companies . END
this , however , did not bar finding that du pont had become UNK as a supplier of automotive fabrics and UNK to general motors ; ; END
that these products constituted a `` line of commerce '' within the meaning of the clayton act ; ; END
that general UNK share of the market for these products was substantial ; ; END
and that competition for this share of the market was UNK by the financial relationship between the two concerns : `` END
the statutory policy of UNK free competition is obviously UNK when no supplier has an advantage over his competitors from an acquisition of his UNK stock likely to have the effects condemned by the statute . END
we repeat , that the test of a violation of 7 is whether , at the time of suit , there is a reasonable probability that the acquisition is likely to result in the condemned restraints . END
the conclusion upon this record is inescapable that such likelihood was proved as to this acquisition . END
'' 353 u. s. , at UNK . END
on the basis of the findings which led to this conclusion , the court UNK the case to the district court to determine the appropriate relief . END
the sole guidance given the court for UNK the task committed to it was this : `` END
the judgment must therefore be reversed and the cause UNK to the district court for a determination , after further hearing , of the equitable relief necessary and appropriate in the public interest to eliminate the effects of the acquisition offensive to the statute . END
the district courts , in the framing of equitable decrees , are clothed ' with large discretion to model their UNK to fit the UNK of the particular case . END
international salt co. v. united states , UNK u. s. UNK , UNK '' . END
353 u. s. , at UNK . END
this brings us to the course of the proceedings in the district court . END
this court's judgment was filed in the district court on july 18 , 1957 . END
the first UNK conference -- held to appoint UNK UNK to represent the interest of the stockholders of du pont and general motors and to consider the procedure to be followed in the subsequent hearings -- took place on september 25 , 1957 . END
at the outset , the government's spokesman explained that counsel for the government and for du pont had already held preliminary discussions with a view to arriving at a relief plan that both sides could recommend to the court . END
du pont , he said , had proposed UNK of its general motors stock along with other restrictions on the du pont - general motors relationship . END
the government , UNK these suggestions inadequate , had urged that any judgment include divestiture of du pont's shares of general motors . END
counsel for the government invited du pont's views on this proposal before recommending a specific program , but stated that if the court desired , or if counsel for du pont thought further discussion would not be profitable , the government was prepared to submit a plan within thirty days . END
counsel for du pont indicated a preference for the submission of detailed plans by both sides at an early date . END
no previous UNK case , he said , had involved interests of such magnitude or presented such complex problems of relief . END
the submission of detailed plans would place the issues before the court more readily than would discussion of divestiture or UNK in the abstract . END
the court adopted this procedure with an appropriate time schedule for carrying it out . END
the government submitted its proposed UNK on october 25 , 1957 . END
the plan called for divestiture by du pont of its UNK shares of general motors stock by equal annual distributions to its stockholders , as a dividend , over a period of ten years . END
christiana securities company and delaware UNK & investment company , major stockholders in du pont , and the stockholders of delaware were dealt with specially by provisions requiring the annual sale by a trustee , again over a UNK period , of du pont's general motors stock UNK to them , as well as any general motors stock which christiana and delaware owned outright . END
if , in the UNK judgment , `` reasonable market conditions '' did not prevail during any given year , he was to be allowed to petition the court for an extension of time within the UNK period . END
in addition , the right to vote the general motors stock held by du pont was to be UNK in du pont's stockholders , other than christiana and delaware and the stockholders of delaware ; ; END
du pont , christiana , and delaware were to be enjoined from acquiring stock in or exercising control over general motors ; ; END
du pont , christiana , and delaware were to be prohibited to have any director or officer in common with general motors , and vice versa ; ; END
and general motors and du pont were to be ordered to terminate any agreement that provided for the purchase by general motors of any specified percentage of its requirements of any du pont manufactured product , or for the grant of exclusive patent rights , or for a grant by general motors to du pont of a preferential right to make or sell any chemical discovery of general motors , or for the maintenance of any joint commercial enterprise by the two companies . END
on motion of the UNK UNK , the court directed that a ruling be obtained from the commissioner of internal revenue as to the federal income tax consequences of the government's plan . END
on may 9 , 1958 , the commissioner announced his UNK . END
the annual dividends paid to du pont stockholders in shares of general motors stock would be taxable as ordinary income to the extent of du pont's earnings and profits . END
the measure , for federal income tax purposes , of the dividend to individual stockholders would be the fair market value of the shares at the time of each annual distribution . END
in the case of UNK corporate stockholders , the measure would be the lesser of the fair market value of the shares or du pont's tax basis for them , which is approximately UNK per share . END
the forced sale of the general motors stock owned by or UNK to christiana , delaware , and the stockholders of delaware , and deposited with the trustee , would result in a tax to those parties at the capital gains rate . END
du pont's UNK was filed on may 14 , 1958 . END
under its plan du pont would retain its general motors shares but be required to pass on to its stockholders the right to vote those shares . END
christiana and delaware would , in turn , be required to pass on the voting rights to the general motors shares UNK to them to their own stockholders . END
du pont would be enjoined from having as a director , officer , or employee anyone who was simultaneously an officer or employee of general motors , and no director , officer , or employee of du pont could serve as a director of general motors without court approval . END
du pont would be denied the right to acquire any additional general motors stock except through general UNK distributions of stock or subscription rights to its stockholders . END
on june 6 , 1958 , general motors submitted its objections to the government's proposal . END
it argued , UNK UNK , that a divestiture order would severely UNK the market value of the stock of both general motors and du pont , with consequent serious loss and hardship to hundreds of thousands of innocent investors , among them thousands of small trusts and charitable institutions ; ; END
that there would be a similar decline in the market values of other automotive and chemical stocks , with similar losses to the stockholders of those companies ; ; END
that the tremendous volume of general motors stock hanging over the market for ten years would hamper the efforts of general motors and other automobile manufacturers to raise equity capital ; ; END
and that all this would have a serious adverse effect on the entire stock market and on general business activity . END
general motors UNK contended that the government plan would not be `` in the public interest '' as required by the mandate of this court . END
the decrees proposed by the UNK UNK were filed in august of 1958 . END
these plans , like du pont's , contained provisions for passing the vote on du pont's general motors shares on to the ultimate stockholders of du pont , christiana , and delaware , except that officers and directors of the three companies , their spouses , and other people living in their UNK , as well as other specified persons , were to be totally UNK . END
both plans also prohibited common directors , officers , or employees between du pont , christiana , and delaware , on the one hand , and general motors on the other . END
it is not a medieval mental UNK or an attitude `` UNK by sense '' to believe that husbands and wives should not be subjected to such a risk , or that such a possibility should not be permitted to UNK the UNK of the marriage relationship . END
while it is easy enough to ridicule UNK UNK in UNK of the crown from a metaphysical point of view , the concept of the `` UNK '' of a married couple may reflect an abiding belief that the communion between husband and wife is such that their actions are not always to be regarded by the criminal law as if there were no marriage . END
by making UNK in the name of law enforcement into the protection which congress has afforded to the marriage relationship , the court today continues in the path charted by the recent decision in UNK v. united states , UNK u.s. UNK , where the court held that , under the circumstances of that case , a wife could be compelled to testify against her husband over her objection . END
one need not UNK in his belief in virile law enforcement to insist that there are other things in american life which are also of great importance , and to which even law enforcement must accommodate itself . END
one of these is the solidarity and the confidential relationship of marriage . END
the court's opinion UNK asserts that the UNK conspiracy doctrine does not in fact protect this relationship , and that hence the doctrine `` UNK an UNK into a rule of law '' . END
i am not easily persuaded that a rule accepted by so many people for so many centuries can be so lightly dismissed . END
but in any event , i submit that the power to UNK belongs to congress , not to this court . END
petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious UNK , was convicted of violating UNK of the universal military training and service act by refusing to be UNK into the armed forces . END
he claims that he was denied due process of law in violation of the fifth amendment , because ( 1 ) at a hearing before a hearing officer of the department of justice , he was not permitted to rebut statements attributed to him by the local board , and ( 2 ) at the trial , he was denied the right to have the hearing officer's report and the original report of the federal bureau of investigation as to his claim . END
held : on the record in this case , the administrative procedures prescribed by the act were fully complied with ; ; END
petitioner was not denied due process ; ; END
and his conviction is sustained . END
petitioner was not denied due process in the administrative proceedings , because the statement in question was in his file , to which he had access , and he had opportunities to rebut it both before the hearing officer of the department of justice and before the appeal board . END
petitioner was not entitled to have the hearing officer's notes and report , especially since he failed to show any particular need for them and he did have a copy of the department of UNK recommendation to the appeal board . END
petitioner was not entitled , either in the administrative hearing at the department of justice or at his trial , to inspect the original report of the federal bureau of investigation , since he was furnished a resume of it , did not challenge its accuracy , and showed no particular need for the original report . END
UNK c. UNK argued the cause and filed a brief for petitioner . END
daniel m. UNK argued the cause for the united states . END
on the brief were solicitor general rankin , assistant attorney general UNK , beatrice rosenberg and j. f. bishop . END
mr. justice clark delivered the opinion of the court . END
this is a prosecution for refusal to be UNK into the armed services , in violation of the provisions of the universal military training and service act , UNK stat. UNK , 50 , UNK UNK aj UNK ( a ) . END
petitioner , who claims to be a conscientious UNK , contends that he was denied due process , both in the proceedings before a hearing officer of the department of justice and at trial . END
he says that he was not permitted to rebut before the hearing officer statements attributed to him by the local board , and , further , that he was denied at trial the right to have the department of justice hearing officer's report and the original report of the federal bureau of investigation as to his claim -- all in violation of the fifth amendment . END
the trial judge decided that the administrative procedures of the act were fully complied with and refused to require the production of such documents . END
petitioner was found guilty and sentenced to 15 months' imprisonment . END
the court of appeals affirmed . END
UNK f. 2d UNK . END
we granted UNK in view of the importance of the questions in the administration of the act . END
UNK u. s. UNK . END
we have concluded that UNK claims are controlled by the rationale of gonzales v. united states , 348 u.s. UNK ( 1955 ) , and united states v. nugent , UNK u.s. 1 ( 1953 ) , and therefore affirm the judgment . END
petitioner registered with local board no. 9 , boulder , colorado , on march 17 , 1952 . END
his answers to the classification questionnaire reflected that he was a minister of UNK witnesses , employed at night by a sugar producer . END
he claimed UNK classification as a minister of religion , devoting a minimum of 100 hours a month to preaching . END
on november 13 , 1952 , he was classified in class 1-a . END
on november 22 , 1952 , he wrote the board , protesting this classification . END
he again stated that he was `` a regular minister '' ; ; END
that he was `` devoting an average of 100 hours a month to actual preaching publicly '' , in addition to 50 to 75 hours in other UNK duties , and that he opposed war in any form . END
thereafter he was classified UNK . END
on april 1 , 1953 , after some six months of full-time `` UNK '' , petitioner discontinued devoting 100 hours a month to preaching , but failed to so notify his local board . END
in a periodic review , the local board on july 30 , 1953 , UNK him 1-a and upheld this classification after a personal appearance by petitioner , because of his willingness to kill in defense of his church and home . END
upon administrative approval of the UNK , he was ordered to report for induction on june 11 , 1956 , but failed to do so . END
he was not prosecuted , however , and his case was subsequently UNK , in the light of UNK v. united states , 348 u.s. UNK ( 1955 ) . END
he was again UNK 1-a by the local board . END
there followed a customary department of justice hearing , at which petitioner appeared . END
in his report to the attorney general , the hearing officer suggested that the petitioner be exempt only from UNK training and service . END
on march 21 , 1957 , however , the department recommended approval of the 1-a classification . END
its ground for this recommendation was that , while petitioner claimed before the local board august 17 , 1956 ( as evidenced by its UNK in his file of that date ) , that he was devoting 100 hours per month to actual preaching , the headquarters of the UNK witnesses reported that he was no longer doing so and , on the contrary , had relinquished both his pioneer and bible student servant positions . END
it reported that he now devoted only some UNK hours per month to public preaching and from 20 to 25 hours per month to church activities . END
his claim was therefore `` so highly exaggerated '' , the department concluded , that it `` cast doubt upon his UNK and , consequently , upon his sincerity and good faith '' . END
the appeal board furnished petitioner a copy of the recommendation . END
in his answer thereto , he advised the board that he had made no such statement in 1956 , and asserted that his only claim to `` UNK '' was in 1952 . END
the appeal board , however , unanimously UNK in the department's recommendation . END
upon return of the file to the local board , petitioner was again ordered to report for induction and this prosecution followed his failure to do so . END
petitioner first contends that the department denied him procedural due process by not giving him timely opportunity , before its final recommendation to the appeal board , to answer the statement of the local board as to his claim of devoting 100 hours to actual preaching . END
but the statement of the local board UNK this claim to petitioner was in his file . END
he admitted that he knew it was open to him at all times , and he could have UNK it before the hearing officer . END
this he failed to do , asserting that he did not know it to be in his file . END
apparently he never took the trouble to find out . END
nevertheless he had ample opportunity to contest the statement before the appeal board . END
after the recommendation of the department is UNK to the appeal board , that is the appropriate place for a registrant to lodge his denial . END
we found in gonzales v. united states , UNK , that this was the controlling reason why copies of the recommendation should be furnished a registrant . END
we said there that it was necessary `` that a registrant be given an opportunity to rebut ( the department's ) recommendation when it comes to the appeal board , the agency with the ultimate responsibility for classification '' . END
348 u.s. , at UNK . END
we fail to see how such procedure resulted in any prejudice to UNK contention , which was considered by the appeal board and denied by it . END
as was said in gonzales , `` it is the appeal board which UNK the selective service determination considered ' final ' in the courts , not to be UNK unless there is no basis in fact . END
UNK v. united states , UNK u.s. 114 '' . END
348 u. s. , at UNK . END
but there are other UNK which might be considered more difficult . END
at his trial , petitioner sought to secure through UNK UNK UNK the UNK notes of the department's hearing officer , UNK , as well as his report UNK . END
petitioner also claimed at trial the right to inspect the original federal bureau of investigation reports to the department of justice . END
he alleged no specific procedural errors or evidence withheld ; ; END
nor did he elaborate just what favorable evidence the federal bureau of investigation reports might disclose . END
section UNK of the act , as we have held , does require the department's recommendation to be placed in a UNK file . END
gonzales v. united states , UNK . END
but there is nothing in the act requiring the hearing officer's report to be likewise turned over to the registrant . END
while the regulations formerly required that the hearing officer's report be placed in the UNK file , this requirement was eliminated in 1952 . END
moreover , the hearing officer's report is but UNK , is directed to the attorney general and , of course , is not the recommendation of the department . END
it is not essentially different from a UNK of an attorney in the department of justice , of which the attorney general receives many , and to which he may give his approval or rejection . END
it is but part of the whole process within the department that goes into the making of the final recommendation to the appeal board . END
it is also significant that neither this report nor the hearing officer's notes were furnished to the appeal board . END
hence the petitioner had full opportunity to traverse the only conclusions of the department on file with the board . END
petitioner knew that the department's recommendation was based not on the hearing officer's report but on the statement of the local board in his file . END
having had every opportunity to rebut the finding of the local board before both the hearing officer and the appeal board , petitioner cannot now claim that he was denied due process because he did not succeed . END
it appears to us that the same reasoning applies to the production of the hearing officer's report and notes at the trial . END
in addition , petitioner has failed to show any particular need for the report and notes . END
while there are now allegations of the withholding of `` favorable evidence developed at the hearing '' and a denial of a `` full and fair hearing '' , no such claim was made by petitioner at any stage of the administrative process . END
moreover , his testimony at trial never developed any such facts . END
in the light of these circumstances , as well as the fact that the issue at trial in this respect centered entirely on the department's recommendation , which petitioner UNK but which both the appeal board and the courts below found supported by the record , we find no UNK in the hearing officer's report and notes . END
finally petitioner says that he was entitled to inspect the fbi report during the proceedings before the hearing officer as well as at the trial . END
he did receive a resume of it -- the same that was furnished the appeal board -- and he made no claim of its UNK . END
even now no such claim is asserted . END
he bases his present contention on the general right to explore , indicating that he hopes to find some discrepancy in the resume . END
but this is fully answered by united states v. nugent , UNK . END
there we held `` that the statutory scheme for review , within the selective service system , entitles UNK conscientious UNK UNK to no guarantee that the fbi reports must be produced for their inspection '' . END
UNK u.s. , at UNK . END
even if we were not bound by nugent , petitioner here would not be entitled to the report . END
the recommendation of the department -- as well as the decision of the appeal board -- was based entirely on the local board file , not on an fbi report . END
foreign policy in its total context END
with this enlarged role in mind , i should like to make a few suggestions : what we in the united states do or do not do will make a very large difference in what happens in the rest of the world . END
we in this department must think about foreign policy in its total context . END
we cannot regard foreign policy as something left over after defense policy or trade policy or fiscal policy has been extracted . END
foreign policy is the total involvement of the american people with peoples and governments abroad . END
that means that , if we are to achieve a new standard of leadership , we must think in terms of the total context of our situation . END
it is the concern of the department of state that the american people are safe and secure -- defense is not a monopoly concern of the department of defense . END
it is also the concern of the department of state that our trading relationships with the rest of the world are vigorous , profitable , and active -- this is not just a passing interest or a matter of concern only to the department of commerce . END
we can no longer rely on UNK machinery `` somewhere upstairs '' to resolve differences between this and other departments . END
assistant secretaries of state will now carry an increased burden of active formulation and coordination of policies . END
means must be found to enable us to keep in touch as regularly and as efficiently as possible with our colleagues in other departments concerned with foreign policy . END
i think we need to concern ourselves also with the UNK of action . END
every policy officer cannot help but be a planning officer . END
unless we keep our eyes on the horizon ahead , we shall fail to bring ourselves on target with the present . END
the movement of events is so fast , the pace so severe , that an attempt to peer into the future is essential if we are to think accurately about the present . END
if there is anything which we can do in the executive branch of the government to speed up the processes by which we come to decisions on matters on which we must act promptly , that in itself would be a major contribution to the conduct of our affairs . END
action taken today is often far more valuable than action taken several months later in response to a situation then out of control . END
there will of course be times for delay and inaction . END
what i am suggesting is that when we delay , or when we fail to act , we do so intentionally and not through UNK or through UNK or procedural difficulties . END
i also hope that we can do something about reducing the infant mortality rate of ideas -- an UNK of all UNK . END
we want to stimulate ideas from the bottom to the top of the department . END
we want to make sure that our junior colleagues realize that ideas are welcome , that initiative goes right down to the bottom and goes all the way to the top . END
i hope no one expects that only presidential appointees are looked upon as sources of ideas . END
the responsibility for taking the initiative in generating ideas is that of every officer in the department who has a policy function , regardless of rank . END
further , i would hope that we could pay attention to little things . END
while observing the operations of our government in various parts of the world , i have felt that in many situations where our policies were good we have tended to ignore minor problems which spoiled our main effort . END
to cite only a few examples : the wrong man in the wrong position , perhaps even in a junior position abroad , can be a source of great harm to our policy ; ; END
the attitudes of a u.n. delegate who experiences difficulty in finding adequate housing in new york city , or of a foreign diplomat in similar circumstances in our capital , can easily be directed against the united states and all that it stands for . END
dozens of seemingly small matters go wrong all over the world . END
sometimes those who know about them are too far down the line to be able to do anything about them . END
i would hope that we could create the recognition in the department and overseas that those who come across little things going wrong have the responsibility for bringing these to the attention of those who can do something about them . END
if the department of state is to take primary responsibility for foreign policy in washington , it follows that the ambassador is expected to take charge overseas . END
this does not mean in a purely UNK sense but in an active , operational , interested , responsible fashion . END
he is expected to know about what is going on among the representatives of other agencies who are stationed in his country . END
he is expected to supervise , to encourage , to direct , to assist in any way he can . END
if any official operation abroad begins to go wrong , we shall look to the ambassador to find out why and to get suggestions for UNK action . END
the problems of a policy officer END
it occurred to me that you might be interested in some thoughts which i expressed privately in recent years , in the hope of clearing up a certain confusion in the public mind about what foreign policy is all about and what it means , and of developing a certain compassion for those who are carrying such responsibilities inside government . END
i tried to do so by calling to their attention some of the problems that a senior UNK policy officer faces . END
this means practically everybody in this room . END
whether it will strike home for you or not will be for you to determine . END
the senior policy officer may be moved to think hard about a problem by any of an infinite variety of stimuli : an idea in his own head , the suggestions of a colleague , a question from the secretary or the president , a proposal by another department , a communication from a foreign government or an american ambassador abroad , the filing of an item for the agenda of the united nations or of any other of dozens of international bodies , a news item read at the breakfast table , a question to the president or the secretary at a news conference , a speech by a senator or congressman , an article in a periodical , a resolution from a national organization , a request for assistance from some private american interests abroad , et cetera , ad UNK . END
the policy officer lives with his UNK UNK for the questions which fall within his range of responsibility . END
his first thought is about the question itself : is there a question here for american foreign policy , and , if so , what is it ? ? END
for he knows that the first and sometimes most difficult job is to know what the question is -- that when it is accurately identified it sometimes answers itself , and that the way in which it is posed frequently shapes the answer . END
chewing it over with his colleagues and in his own mind , he reaches a tentative identification of the question -- tentative because it may change as he UNK it further and because , if no UNK answer can be found , it may have to be changed into one which can be answered . END
meanwhile he has been thinking about the facts surrounding the problem , facts which he knows can never be complete , and the general background , much of which has already been lost to history . END
he is UNK of the expert help available to him and draws these resources into play , taking care to examine at least some of the raw material which UNK their frequently UNK conclusions . END
he knows that he must give the expert his place , but he knows that he must also keep him in it . END
he is already beginning to box the compass of alternative lines of action , including doing nothing . END
he knows that he is thinking about action in relation to a future which can be perceived but dimly through a UNK fog . END
but he takes his bearings from the great UNK of policy , UNK UNK , the commitments of the united states under international charters and treaties , basic statutes , and UNK notions of the american people about how we are to conduct ourselves , in policy literature such as country papers and national security council papers accumulated in the department . END
he will not be surprised to find that general principles produce conflicting results in the factual situation with which he is confronted . END
he must think about which of these principles must take UNK . END
he will know that general policy papers written months before may not fit his problem because of crucial changes in circumstance . END
he is aware that every moderately important problem UNK UNK into every other problem . END
he must deal with the question of how to manage a part when it cannot be handled without relation to the whole -- when the whole is too large to grasp . END
he must think of others who have a stake in the question and in its answer . END
who should be consulted among his colleagues in the department or other departments and agencies of the government ? ? END
which american ambassadors could provide helpful advice ? ? END
are private interests sufficiently involved to be consulted ? ? END
what is the probable attitude of other governments , including those less directly involved ? ? END
how and at what stage and in what sequence are other governments to be consulted ? ? END
if action is indicated , what kind of action is relevant to the problem ? ? END
the selection of the wrong tools can mean waste , at best , and at worst an unwanted UNK of the problem itself . END
can the president or the secretary act under existing authority , or will new legislation and new money be required ? ? END
should the action be UNK or UNK ? ? END
is the matter one for the united nations or some other international body ? ? END
for , if so , the path leads through a complex process of parliamentary diplomacy which adds still another dimension to the problem . END
respect for the opinions of mankind END
what type of action can hope to win public support , first in this country and then abroad ? ? END
for the policy officer will know that action can almost never be secret and that in general the effectiveness of policy will be conditioned by the readiness of the country to sustain it . END
he is interested in public opinion for two reasons : first , because it is important in itself , and , second , because he knows that the american public cares about a decent respect for the opinions of mankind . END
and , given probable public attitudes -- about which reasonably good estimates can be made -- what action is called for to insure necessary support ? ? END
may i add a caution on this particular point ? ? END
we do not want policy officers below the level of presidential appointees to concern themselves too much with problems of domestic politics in recommending foreign policy action . END
in the first place our business is foreign policy , and it is the business of the presidential leadership and his appointees in the department to consider the domestic political aspects of a problem . END
mr. truman emphasized this point by saying , `` you fellows in the department of state don't know much about domestic politics '' . END
this is an important consideration . END
if we sit here reading editorials and looking at UNK polls and other reports that cross our desks , we should realize that this is raw , UNK opinion expressed in the absence of leadership . END
what the american people will do turns in large degree on their leadership . END
we cannot test public opinion until the president and the leaders of the country have gone to the public to explain what is required and have asked them for support for the necessary action . END
i doubt , for example , that , 3 months before the leadership began to talk about what came to be the marshall plan , any UNK expert would have said that the country would have accepted such proposals . END
the problem in the policy officer's mind thus begins to take shape as a UNK of utterly complicated factors -- political , military , economic , financial , legal , legislative , procedural , administrative -- to be sorted out and handled within a political system which moves by consent in relation to an external environment which cannot be under control . END
and the policy officer has the UNK of time snapping at his heels . END
while there should be no general age limit or restriction to one sex , there will be particular projects requiring special maturity and some open only to men or to women . END
the peace corps should not pay the expenses of a wife or family , unless the wife is also accepted for full-time peace corps work on the same project . END
there should be no draft exemption because of peace corps service . END
in most cases service in the corps will probably be considered a ground for temporary UNK . END
peace corps volunteers obviously should not be paid what they might earn in comparable activities in the united states . END
nor would it be possible in many cases for them to live in health or any effectiveness on what their counterparts abroad are paid . END
the guiding principle indeed should not be anything like compensation for individual services . END
rather the principle should be akin to that of the allowance . END
peace corps volunteers should be given just enough to provide a minimum decent standard of living . END
they should live in modest circumstances , avoiding all conspicuous consumption . END
wherever possible they should live with their host country counterparts . END
some special health requirements might have to be met . END
for example , it probably will be necessary for the corps to have authority to pay medical expenses of volunteers . END
perhaps existing public health service , state department and armed services medical facilities can be utilized . END
for UNK to the u.s. , volunteers should be given some separation allowance at the end of their overseas service , based on the length of time served . END
in what part of the government should the peace corps be established ? ? END
the idea of a peace corps has captured the imagination of a great many people . END
support for it cuts across party , regional , ethnic and other lines . END
the peace corps , therefore , offers an opportunity to add a new dimension to our approach to the world -- an opportunity for the american people to think anew and start UNK in their participation in world development . END
for this , the peace corps should be administered by a small , new , alive agency operating as one component in our whole overseas operation . END
pending the reorganization of our foreign aid structure and program , the peace corps should be established as an agency in the department of state . END
when the aid operations are reorganized the peace corps should remain a UNK , functional unit . END
meanwhile , the peace corps could be physically located in UNK facilities and depend on the state department and UNK for administrative support and , when needed , program assistance . END
in this way the peace corps can be launched with its own identity and spirit and yet receive the necessary assistance from those now responsible for united states foreign policy and our overseas operations . END
how and when should the peace corps be launched ? ? END
the peace corps can either begin in very low gear , with only preparatory work undertaken between now and when congress finally UNK special funds for it -- or it can be launched now and in earnest by executive action , with sufficient funds and made available from existing mutual security appropriations to permit a number of substantial projects to start this summer . END
the peace corps should be launched soon so that the opportunity to recruit the most qualified people from this year's graduating classes will not be lost . END
nor should we lose the opportunity to use this summer for training on university UNK . END
if launched in a careful but determined way within the next few weeks , the peace corps could have several hundred persons in training this summer for placement next fall . END
within a year or two several thousand might be in service . END
it can then grow steadily as it proves itself and as the need for it is demonstrated . END
what would the first projects be ? ? END
in the first year there should probably be considerable emphasis on teaching projects . END
the need here is most clearly felt and our capacity to recruit and train qualified volunteers in a short period of time is greatest . END
there would , however , be a variety of other skills -- medical , agricultural , engineering -- which would be called for in the first year through the private agency programs and through the provision of technician UNK to existing development projects . END
the first year's projects should also be spread through several countries in latin america , africa and asia . END
how will the peace corps be received abroad ? ? END
although the need for outside trained manpower exists in every newly developing nation , the readiness to receive such manpower , or to receive it from the united states will vary from country to country . END
a certain skepticism about the coming of americans is to be expected in many quarters . END
unfriendly political groups will no doubt do everything in their power to promote active hostility . END
but there are indications that many developing nations will welcome peace corps volunteers , and that if the volunteers are well chosen , they will soon demonstrate their value and make many friends . END
it is important , however , that the peace corps be advanced not as an arm of the cold war but as a contribution to the world community . END
in presenting it to other governments and to the united nations , we could propose that every nation consider the formation of its own peace corps and that the united nations sponsor the idea and form an international coordinating committee . END
we should hope that peace corps projects will be truly international and that our citizens will find themselves working alongside citizens of the host country and also volunteers from other lands . END
in any case , our peace corps personnel should be offered as technician UNK in development projects of the u.n. and other international agencies . END
the peace corps is not a diplomatic or propaganda venture but a genuine experiment in international partnership . END
our aim must be to learn as much as we teach . END
the peace corps offers an opportunity to bring home to the united states the problems of the world as well as an opportunity to meet urgent host country needs for trained manpower . END
if presented in this spirit , the response and the results will be UNK better . END
how will it be financed ? ? END
the already appropriated funds within the discretion of the president and secretary of state under the mutual security act are the only immediately available source of financing this summer's pilot programs of the peace corps . END
if it is decided to make a small shift which may be required from military aid or special assistance funds , in order to carry out the purposes of the mutual security act through this new peaceful program , this will be a hopeful sign to the world . END
congress should then be asked to give the peace corps a firm legislative foundation for the next fiscal year . END
specifically , congress should consider authorizing the peace corps to receive contributions from american businesses , unions , civic organizations and the public at large . END
for this must be the project of the whole american people . END
an advisory council of outstanding public figures with experience in world affairs should be formed to give the program continuing guidance and to afford a focal point for public understanding . END
steps should also be taken to link the food for peace program with the peace corps , so that foreign UNK accumulated by the sale of u.s. surplus food under UNK UNK can be put to use to pay some of the host country expenses of peace corps personnel . END
the extent to which participating bodies such as u. s. voluntary agencies , universities , international organizations , and the host country or institutions in the host country can and should share the cost of the peace corps programs must be fully explored . END
is it worth the cost and the risks ? ? END
no matter how well conceived and efficiently run , there probably will be failures . END
these could be costly and have a serious effect both at home and abroad . END
but as the popular response suggests , the UNK of the peace corps is very great . END
it can contribute to the development of critical countries and regions . END
it can promote international cooperation and good will toward this country . END
it can also contribute to the education of america and to more intelligent american participation in the world . END
with thousands of young americans going to work in developing areas , millions of americans will become more directly involved in the world than ever before . END
with colleges and universities carrying a large part of the program , and with students looking toward peace corps service , there will be an impact on educational curriculum and student seriousness . END
the letters home , the talks later given by returning members of the peace corps , the influence on the lives of those who spend two or three years in hard work abroad -- all this may combine to provide a substantial popular base for responsible american policies toward the world . END
and this is meeting the world's need , too , since what the world most needs from this country is better understanding of the world . END
the peace corps thus can add a new dimension to america's world policy -- one for which people here and abroad have long been waiting . END
as you said in your state of the union message , `` the problems are towering and unprecedented -- and the response must be towering and unprecedented as well '' . END
to the congress of the united states : END
i recommend to the congress the establishment of a permanent peace corps -- a pool of trained american men and women sent overseas by the u.s. government or through private organizations and institutions to help foreign countries meet their urgent needs for skilled manpower . END
i have today signed an executive order establishing a peace corps on a temporary pilot basis . END
the temporary peace corps will be a source of information and experience to aid us in formulating more effective plans for a permanent organization . END
in addition , by starting the peace corps now we will be able to begin training young men and women for overseas duty this summer with the objective of placing them in overseas positions by late fall . END
this temporary peace corps is being established under existing authority in the mutual security act and will be located in the department of state . END
its initial expenses will be paid from appropriations currently available for our foreign aid program . END
throughout the world the people of the newly developing nations are struggling for economic and social progress which reflects their deepest desires . END
our own freedom , and the future of freedom around the world , depend , in a very real sense , on their ability to build growing and independent nations where men can live in dignity , liberated from the bonds of hunger , ignorance and poverty . END
one of the greatest obstacles to the achievement of this goal is the lack of trained men and women with the skill to teach the young and assist in the operation of development projects -- men and women with the capacity to cope with the demands of swiftly UNK economics , and with the dedication to put that capacity to work in the villages , the mountains , the towns and the factories of dozens of struggling nations . END
the vast task of economic development urgently requires skilled people to do the work of the society -- to help teach in the schools , construct development projects , demonstrate modern methods of sanitation in the villages , and perform a hundred other tasks calling for training and advanced knowledge . END
to meet this urgent need for skilled manpower we are proposing the establishment of a peace corps -- an organization which will recruit and train american volunteers , sending them abroad to work with the people of other nations . END
this organization will differ from existing assistance programs in that its members will supplement technical advisers by offering the specific skills needed by developing nations if they are to put technical advice to work . END
they will help provide the skilled manpower necessary to carry out the development projects planned by the host governments , acting at a working level and serving at great personal sacrifice . END
there is little doubt that the number of those who wish to serve will be far greater than our capacity to absorb them . END
in 1960 UNK of the UNK million recreation visits to the national forests and grasslands were for the primary purpose of hunting and fishing . END
hunter and fisherman visits since 1949 have increased 8 times faster than the nationwide sale of hunting and fishing licenses . END
this use is expected to increase to about 50 million visits by UNK . END
the long-range objective of habitat management is to make it fully productive so as to support fish and game populations to contribute to the need for public use and enjoyment . END
the wildlife habitat management proposals for the 10-year period are : 1 . END
revise and complete wildlife habitat management and improvement plans for all administrative units , assuring proper coordination between wildlife habitat management and other resources . END
inventory and evaluate wildlife habitat resources in cooperation with other federal agencies and with the states in which national forests and grasslands are located , as a basis for orderly development of wildlife habitat improvement and coordination programs , including ( a ) UNK , UNK , and UNK habitat surveys and investigations on the UNK million acres of national forests and grasslands , ( b ) UNK habitat surveys and investigations on the UNK miles of national forest fishing streams and nearly 3 million acres of lakes and UNK , and ( c ) participation in planning , inspection , and control phases of all habitat improvement , land and water use projects conducted on national forest lands by states , other federal agencies , and private groups to assure that projects will benefit wildlife and be in harmony with other resource values . END
improve food and cover on 1.5 million acres of key wildlife areas . END
develop wildlife openings , food patches , and game ways in dense UNK by clearing or controlled burning on UNK acres . END
improve UNK miles of fishing streams and UNK acres of lakes by stabilizing banks , planting UNK cover , and constructing channel improvements . END
the total adverse impact of disease , insects , fire , weather , destructive animals , and other forces on the uses and values of forest resources is not generally recognized . END
they kill and destroy , UNK or prevent reproduction and growth , impair and damage values , and disrupt uses . END
the loss in growth of UNK because of damage by destructive agencies in the united states in 1952 was estimated to be about UNK billion board feet . END
if it were not for the effect of destructive agencies , UNK growth would have been nearly twice as great as the 47 billion board feet in 1952 . END
about 45 percent of the loss in growth was attributable to disease , 20 percent to insects , 17 percent to fire , and 18 percent to weather , animals , and various other causes . END
these destructive forces also have a seriously adverse effect upon the watersheds and their UNK UNK , and upon the other UNK forest resources . END
the long-range objective is to hold the damage from destructive agencies below the level which would seriously interfere with intensive management of the national forest system under principles of multiple use and high-level sustained yield of products and services . END
this can be accomplished substantially by a continued trend toward better facilities and techniques for fire control and more resources to cope with critical fire periods , and a more intensive application of a program of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations . END
in addition to direct protection measures , more intensive management of timber resources will assist in reduction of losses from insects and disease . END
protection from insects and disease END
in the 10-year period , it is proposed that insect and disease control on the national forest system be stepped up to a level of prevention , detection , and control of insect and disease infestations that will substantially reduce the occurrence of large infestations toward the end of the initial period . END
this will require about a 40 percent increase over the present level of protection . END
the work will consist of : 1 . END
intensification of present activities through ( a ) quicker , more extensive , and more thorough surveys to detect incipient UNK ; ; END
( b ) more reliable evaluation of the potential of initial UNK to cause widespread damage ; ; END
( c ) quicker and more effective control action in the initial stages to prevent a large-scale epidemic . END
the initial suppression activities would cover about twice the acreage currently being treated . END
continuation of present UNK rust control work plus extension of control to 250,000 acres not now protected but which should be managed for white pine production . END
the objective is to achieve sufficient effectiveness of control on all of the area now under treatment plus the additional acres so that after the initial period only maintenance control will be needed . END
initiating a program to control dwarf UNK on several hundred thousand acres of selected better stands of young UNK UNK on better growing sites . END
coordination of pest control objectives with timber management activities to reduce losses . END
it is proposed that in 10 years all commercial UNK , all critical watersheds , and other lands in the national forest system developed or proposed for intensive use will be given protection from fire adequate to meet the fire situation in the worst years and under serious peak loads . END
this will include UNK million acres compared with 23 million acres now receiving such protection . END
an additional 15 million acres will be given a lesser degree of protection but adequate to meet the average fire situation . END
meeting these levels of protection from fire calls for : 1 . END
expansion , modernization , and development of fire control to a UNK and strength of force which will prevent as many fires as possible and suppress fires before they spread beyond permitted standards . END
this is to be accomplished by nearly doubling the present level of preventive effort , detection , skilled UNK UNK , and equipment use . END
this will include a UNK program of training and development of personnel . END
adoption and use of new and modern techniques being developed for prevention , for suppression of fires while small , and for stopping large fires while running and burning intensely . END
reduction of hazardous fuel conditions to minimize the chances of large fires developing and spreading to UNK areas . END
this work will cover the most serious one-fourth of all land needing such treatment , and will consist of burning 250,000 acres of highly hazardous debris concentration , UNK UNK on UNK acres of high UNK areas , prescribed burning on 3.5 million acres , removing roadside fuel on UNK acres , and clearing and maintaining UNK miles of UNK . END
UNK control work for the 10-year period will be aimed at control of the most serious infestations of UNK UNK , such as UNK and mice , on UNK areas of UNK and commercial UNK . END
these areas comprise about half of the total area of UNK UNK on the national forests . END
approximately UNK million acres of UNK and UNK million acres of UNK would be treated in this period . END
control would be limited to those UNK for which economical means of control are known . END
the transportation system which serves the national forests is a complex of highways and access roads and trails under various UNK and UNK . END
this system is divided into a forest highway system , administered by the secretary of commerce , and a forest development road and trail system , administered by the secretary of agriculture . END
both of these systems are essential for the production , development , and use of the national forests . END
in the forest highway system , there are now UNK miles of public roads . END
these are mostly through highways that carry traffic going from one destination to another . END
because administration of the forest highway system is a responsibility of the secretary of commerce with maintenance provided by the states and counties , this development program for the national forests does not include estimates of the funds needed to maintain the forest highway system nor to construct the additions to it that are needed . END
it is estimated that about 70,000 miles of forest highways will eventually be needed to fully serve the national forests . END
in the forest development road and trail system , there are now UNK miles of roads and UNK miles of UNK foot and horse trails . END
these roads are largely of less than highway standards , and usually carry traffic which is related to use of the national forests . END
construction and maintenance of this system is a responsibility of the secretary of agriculture . END
it is estimated that about UNK miles of forest development roads , and UNK miles of trails , constitute the system that will eventually be needed to obtain the maximum practicable yield and use of the wood , water , UNK , and wildlife and recreation resources of the national forests on a continuing basis . END
the ultimate trail system will be of value primarily for recreation and wildlife utilization and fire protection . END
it will be carefully planned to maintain optimum service to these important resources and watersheds . END
the presence or lack of access by road or trail has a direct and controlling influence on all phases of forest management and utilization such as : ( a ) END
the protection of UNK , timber , and wildlife resources from fire , insects , and disease ; ; END
the balanced use of recreation , hunting , and fishing areas ; ; END
the volume of timber that can be UNK , especially for small sales and the support of dependent communities and small business enterprises ; ; END
the level of salvage cutting in dead and dying timber stands and the opportunity to promptly salvage losses resulting from fire , UNK , insects , and disease ; ; END
the protection of UNK lands from erosion and UNK by animals . END
the existence of road systems permits an intensity of management and use for all national forest purposes that is not otherwise possible . END
furthermore , roads that give access to national forest timber are investments which pay their own way over a period of years . END
use of these roads by the public results in substantial benefits to the localities the roads serve . END
the long-range objective of this department is to provide and maintain a system of forest development roads and trails which will adequately service the national forest system at the levels needed to meet expected needs and optimum production of products and services . END
for the year 2000 this means servicing ( a ) the protection requirements of a UNK producing at least 200 million UNK of water each year , ( b ) recreation and wildlife resources used each year by UNK million visitors , ( c ) a timber resource supporting an annual cut of 21 billion board feet , and ( d ) 60 million acres of UNK . END
service at these levels of production and utilization will eventually require the construction of about UNK miles of new roads and 6,000 miles of new trails , along with the reconstruction to higher standards of about UNK miles of roads and UNK miles of trails . END
about UNK miles of existing trails will be replaced in service by the construction of new roads . END
about 80 percent of these long-range requirements should be met by the year 2000 . END
program proposals for forest development roads and trails for the 10-year period UNK are as follows : 1 . END
complete the construction and reconstruction of about UNK miles of UNK roads and 8,000 miles of trails . END
this constitutes about 17 percent of the long-range requirements for these facilities . END
approximately 40 percent of the value of the work on roads for access to timber which are planned for this period will be constructed by purchasers of national forest timber , but paid for by the government through adjustment of UNK prices . END
provide maintenance to full standards on the UNK miles of existing access roads and trails and on the new roads and trails constructed during the period . END
land adjustment , land purchase , land use END
within the units in the national forest system the pattern of land ownership is quite irregular . END
in some units , national forest ownership is well blocked together . END
in many others , the previous UNK of land under the public land laws , or the way in which land was available for purchase , resulted in a scattered pattern of ownership . END
within exterior boundaries of national forests and national grasslands , there are about UNK acres in UNK ownership . END
one consequence is the occurrence of occasional conflicts because private owners of some UNK object to public programs of use on neighboring national forest or other federal land , or because such UNK are developed for uses that are not compatible with use for the public of neighboring national forest land . END
some privately held UNK are a source of direct damage to these federal lands . END
and some , which are suitable for tree growing and for other national forest purposes , are UNK or in need of expensive rehabilitation , and are contributing nothing to the economy ; ; END
there are no reasonable prospects that these conditions will be corrected or changed . END
lands in this last category are situated largely in the mountainous portions of the eastern states . END
the long-range objective is to bring about consolidation of ownership through use of land exchange authority and through purchase on a moderate scale of UNK which comprise key tracts for recognized national forest programs such as recreation development , or which are a source of damage to lands in national forests and national grasslands . END
strategy and tactics of the u.s. military forces are now undergoing one of the greatest transitions in history . END
the change of emphasis from UNK to UNK warfare must be made with care , mindful that the one type of warfare cannot be safely neglected in favor of the other . END
our military forces must be capable of UNK successfully with any UNK which may be forced upon us , from limited emergencies to all-out nuclear general war . END
forces and military personnel strength . END
-- this budget will provide in the fiscal year 1961 for the continued support of our forces at approximately the present level -- a UNK strength of UNK men and women in the active forces . END
the forces to be supported include an army of 14 divisions and UNK men ; ; END
a navy of UNK active ships and UNK men ; ; END
a marine corps of 3 divisions and 3 air wings with UNK men ; ; END
and an air force of UNK combat wings and UNK men . END
if the reserve components are to serve effectively in time of war , their basic organization and objectives must conform to the changing character and missions of the active forces . END
quality and combat readiness must take UNK over mere numbers . END
under modern conditions , this is especially true of the ready reserve . END
i have requested the secretary of defense to UNK the roles and missions of the reserve components in relation to those of the active forces and in the light of the changing requirements of modern warfare . END
last year the congress discontinued its previously imposed minimum personnel strength limitations on the army reserve . END
similar restrictions on the strength of the army national guard contained in the 1960 department of defense appropriation act should likewise be dropped . END
i strongly recommend to the congress the avoidance of mandatory floors on the size of the reserve components so that we may have the flexibility to make adjustments in keeping with military necessity . END
i again proposed a reduction in the army national guard and army reserve -- from their present strengths of UNK and 300,000 , respectively , to UNK and UNK by the end of the fiscal year 1961 . END
these strengths are considered adequate to meet the essential roles and missions of the reserves in support of our national security objectives . END
-- about 30% of the expenditures for the department of defense in 1961 are for military personnel costs , including pay for active , reserve , and retired military personnel . END
these expenditures are estimated to be UNK billion , an increase of UNK million over 1960 , reflecting additional UNK pay of career personnel , more UNK , an increased number of men drawing UNK pay , and social security tax increases ( effective for the full year in 1961 compared with only 6 months in 1960 ) . END
retired pay costs are increased by UNK million in 1961 over 1960 , partly because of a substantial increase in the number of retired personnel . END
these increased costs are partially offset by a decrease of UNK million in expenditures for the reserve forces , largely because of the planned reduction in strength of the army reserve components during 1961 . END
traditionally , rates of pay for retired military personnel have been proportionate to current rates of pay for active personnel . END
the 1958 military pay act departed from this established formula by providing for a UNK increase rather than a proportionate increase for everyone retired prior to its effective date of june 1 , 1958 . END
i endorse pending legislation that will restore the traditional relationship between retired and active duty pay rates . END
-- expenditures for operating and maintaining the stations and equipment of the armed forces are estimated to be UNK billion in 1961 , which is UNK million more than in 1960 . END
the increase stems largely from the growing complexity of and higher degree of maintenance required for newer weapons and equipment . END
a substantial increase is estimated in the cost of operating additional communications systems in the air defense program , as well as in all programs where speed and security of communications are essential . END
also , the program for fleet modernization will be stepped up in 1961 causing an increase in expenditures . END
further increases arise from the civilian employee health program enacted by the congress last year . END
other factors increasing operating costs include the higher unit cost of each flying hour , up UNK in two years , and of each steaming hour , up 15% . END
in total , these increases in operating costs UNK the savings that result from declining programs and from economy measures , such as reduced numbers of units and installations , smaller inventories of major equipment , and improvements in the supply and distribution systems of the armed forces . END
in the budget message for 1959 , and again for 1960 , i recommended immediate repeal of section UNK of the act of september 28 , 1951 ( 65 stat. UNK ) . END
this section prevents the military departments and the office of civil and defense mobilization from carrying out certain transactions involving real property unless they come into agreement with the committees on armed services of the senate and the house of representatives . END
as i have stated previously , the attorney general has advised me that this section UNK fundamental constitutional principles . END
accordingly , if it is not UNK by the congress at its present session , i shall have no alternative thereafter but to direct the secretary of defense to disregard the section unless a court of competent jurisdiction determines otherwise . END
basic UNK communications in alaska are now provided through federal facilities operated by the army , air force , and federal aviation agency . END
the growing communications needs of this new state can best be met , as they have in other states , through the operation and development of such facilities by private enterprise . END
legislation has already been proposed to authorize the sale of these UNK systems in alaska , and its early enactment is desirable . END
procurement , research , and construction . END
-- approximately UNK of the expenditures for the department of defense are for procurement , research , development , and construction programs . END
in 1961 , these expenditures are estimated at UNK billion , compared to UNK billion in 1960 . END
the decreases , which are largely in construction and in aircraft procurement , are offset in part by increases for research and development and for procurement of other military equipment such as tanks , vehicles , guns , and electronic devices . END
expenditures for UNK are estimated at about the same level as in 1960 . END
new UNK authority for 1961 recommended in this budget for aircraft procurement ( excluding amounts for related research and construction ) totals UNK million , which is UNK million below that enacted for 1960 . END
on the other hand , the new authority of UNK million proposed for missile procurement ( excluding research and construction ) in 1961 is UNK million higher than for 1960 . END
these contrasting trends in procurement reflect the anticipated changes in the composition and missions of our armed forces in the years ahead . END
the department of defense appropriation acts for the past several years have contained a rider which limits competitive bidding by firms in other countries on certain military supply items . END
as i have repeatedly stated , this provision is much more restrictive than the general law , popularly known as the buy american act . END
i urge once again that the congress not UNK this rider . END
the task of providing a reasonable level of military strength , without UNK other vital aspects of our security , is greatly complicated by the swift pace of scientific progress . END
the last few years have witnessed what have been perhaps the most rapid advances in military technology in history . END
some weapons systems have become UNK while still in production , and some while still under development . END
furthermore , unexpectedly rapid progress or a technological UNK on any one weapon system , in itself , often UNK the relative importance of other competitive systems . END
this has necessitated a continuous review and UNK of the defense program in order to UNK resources to the newer and more important weapons systems and to eliminate or reduce effort on weapons systems which have been UNK by events . END
thus , in the last few years , a number of programs which looked very promising at the time their development was commenced have since been completely eliminated . END
for example , the importance of the regulus 2 , a very promising UNK UNK missile designed to be launched by UNK submarines , was greatly diminished by the successful acceleration of the much more advanced polaris ballistic missile launched by submerged submarines . END
another example is the recent UNK of the UNK , a long-range UNK with a speed three times as great as the speed of sound , which was designed for use against manned bombers in the period of the UNK . END
the substantial progress being made in ballistic missile technology is rapidly shifting the main threat from manned bombers to missiles . END
considering the high cost of the UNK system -- over $4 billion for the force that had been planned -- and the time period in which it would become operational , it was decided to stop further work on the project . END
meanwhile , other air defense forces are being made effective , as described later in this message . END
the size and scope of other important programs have been reduced from earlier plans . END
notable in this category are the jupiter and thor intermediate range ballistic missiles , which have been successfully developed , produced , and UNK , but the relative importance of which has diminished with the increasing availability of the atlas intercontinental ballistic missile . END
the impact of technological factors is also illustrated by the history of the high-energy fuel program . END
this project was started at a time when there was a critical need for a high-energy fuel to provide an extra margin of range for high performance aircraft , particularly our heavy bombers . END
continuing technical problems involved in the use of this fuel , coupled with significant improvements in aircraft range through other means , have now raised serious questions about the value of the high-energy fuel program . END
as a result , the scope of this project has been sharply UNK . END
these examples UNK the importance of even more searching evaluations of new major development programs and even more penetrating and UNK analyses of the potentialities of future technology . END
the cost of developing a major weapon system is now so enormous that the greatest care must be exercised in selecting new systems for development , in determining the most satisfactory rate of development , and in deciding the proper time at which either to place a system into production or to abandon it . END
-- the deterrent power of our armed forces comes from both their nuclear UNK capability and their capability to conduct other essential operations in any form of war . END
the first capability is represented by a combination of manned bombers , UNK aircraft , and intercontinental and intermediate range missiles . END
the second capability is represented by our UNK ground , naval , and air forces in essential forward areas , together with ready reserves capable of UNK early emergency UNK . END
the strategic air command is the principal element of our long-range nuclear capability . END
one of the important and difficult decisions which had to be made in this budget concerned the role of the b-70 , a long-range supersonic bomber . END
this aircraft , which was planned for initial operational use about 1965 , would be complementary to but likewise competitive with the four strategic ballistic missile systems , all of which are scheduled to become available earlier . END
the first atlas UNK are now operational , the first two polaris submarines are expected to be operational this calendar year , and the first titan UNK next year . END
the UNK UNK UNK is planned to be operational about UNK . END
by 1965 , several or all of these systems will have been fully tested and their UNK established . END
thus , the need for the b-70 as a strategic weapon system is doubtful . END
however , i am recommending that development work on the b-70 UNK and engines be continued . END
it is expected that in 1963 two UNK aircraft will be available for flight testing . END
by that time we should be in a much better position to determine the value of that aircraft as a weapon system . END
i am recommending additional UNK of the improved version of the b-52 ( the UNK with the new UNK engine ) and procurement of the UNK supersonic medium bomber , together with the supporting UNK UNK in each case . END
these additional modern bombers will replace some of the older UNK medium bombers ; ; END
one b-52 can do the work of several UNK which it will replace . END
funds are also included in this budget to continue the UNK of the b-52 wings with the hound dog UNK missile . END
in the coming fiscal year additional quantities of atlas , titan , and polaris missiles also will be procured . END
purchase authorizations will include provisions relating to the sale and delivery of commodities , including the classes , types and/or varieties of food grain , the time and circumstances of deposit of the rupees accruing from such sale , and other relevant matters . END
the united states recognizes the desire of india to UNK , as quickly as possible , a substantial part of the one million ton reserve stock of rice provided for in this agreement to assist in stabilizing the internal markets for this commodity in india . END
under this agreement the first annual review of rice UNK will be made in august 1960 . END
at that time consideration will be given to whether in the light of the united states supplies of rice available for title 1 , disposal , UNK production , consumption and stocks of food grains , other imports from the united states and countries friendly to the united states , UNK storage capacity , and other related factors , any increase would be possible in the portion of the total rice UNK which is currently planned for procurement during the first year . END
the two governments agree that the issuance of purchase authorizations for wheat and rice providing for purchase after june 30 , 1961 , shall be dependent upon the determination by the united states government that these commodities are in surplus supply and available under title 1 , of the act at that time . END
the united states government shall have the right to terminate the financing of further sales under this agreement of any commodity if it determines at any time after june 30 , 1961 , that such action is necessitated by the existence of an international emergency . END
article 2 , uses of rupees END
the two governments agree that the rupees accruing to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement will be used by the government of the united states of america , in such manner and order of priority as the government of the united states of america shall determine , for the following purposes in the amounts shown : ( a ) END
for united states expenditures under UNK ( a ) , ( b ) , ( d ) , ( e ) , ( f ) , ( h ) through ( r ) of section 104 of the act or under any of such UNK , the rupee equivalent of $200 million . END
for grant to the government of india under subsection ( e ) of section 104 of the act , the rupee equivalent of not more than UNK million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may from time to time be mutually agreed . END
for loan to the government of india under subsection ( g ) of section 104 of the act , the rupee equivalent of not more than UNK million for financing such projects to promote balanced economic development as may be mutually agreed . END
the terms and conditions of the loan and other provisions will be set forth in a separate agreement by the two governments . END
in the event that agreement is not reached on the use of the rupees for grant or loan purposes within six years from the date of this agreement , the government of the united states of america may use the local currency for any purposes authorized by section 104 of the act . END
in the event the total of rupees accruing to the government of the united states of america as a consequence of sales made pursuant to this agreement is different from the rupee equivalent of UNK million , the amounts available for the purposes specified in paragraph 1 , article 2 , will be adjusted proportionately . END
article 3 , deposit of rupees END
the deposit of rupees to the account of the government of the united states of america in payment for the commodities and for ocean transportation costs financed by the government of the united states of america ( except excess costs resulting from the requirement that united states flag vessels be used ) shall be made at the rate of exchange for united states dollars generally applicable to import transactions ( excluding imports granted a preferential rate ) in effect on the dates of dollar UNK by united states banks , or by the government of the united states of america , as provided in the purchase authorizations . END
article 4 , general undertakings END
the government of india agrees that it will take all possible measures to prevent the UNK or UNK to other countries or the use for other than domestic purposes ( except where such UNK , UNK or use is specifically approved by the government of the united states of america ) , of the surplus agricultural commodities purchased pursuant to the provisions of this agreement , and to assure that the purchase of such commodities does not result in increased availability of these or like commodities for export from india . END
the two governments agree that they will take reasonable precautions to assure that all sales or purchases of surplus agricultural commodities , pursuant to the agreement will not UNK usual UNK of the united states of america in these commodities , or unduly disrupt world prices of agricultural commodities or normal patterns of commercial trade with friendly countries . END
in carrying out this agreement , the two governments will seek to assure , to the extent practicable , conditions of commerce permitting private traders to function effectively and will use their best endeavors to develop and extend continuous market demand for agricultural commodities . END
the government of india agrees to furnish , upon request of the united states of america , information on the progress of the program , particularly with respect to the arrival and condition of commodities and the provisions for the maintenance of usual UNK , and information relating to exports of the same or like commodities . END
the two governments will , upon the request of either of them , consult regarding any matter relating to the application of this agreement or to the operation of arrangements carried out pursuant to this agreement . END
article 6 , entry into force END
the agreement shall enter into force upon signature . END
in witness whereof , the respective representatives , duly authorized for the purpose , have signed the present agreement . END
done at washington in duplicate this fourth day of may 1960 . END
for the government of the united states of america : END
for the government of india : END
s. k. UNK UNK : END
i have the honor to refer to the agricultural commodities agreement signed today between the government of the united states of america and the government of india ( hereinafter referred to as the agreement ) and , with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , to state that the understanding of the government of the united states of america is as follows : 1 . END
with respect to article 2 , , paragraph 1 ( a ) of the agreement : ( 1 ) END
the government of india will provide facilities for the conversions of the rupee equivalent of $4 million ( up to a maximum of $1 million per year ) accruing under the subject agreement for agricultural market development purposes into UNK other than united states dollars on request of the government of the united states of america . END
this facility is needed for the purpose of securing funds to finance agricultural market development activities of the government of the united states in other countries . END
the government of the united states of america may utilize rupees in india to pay for goods and services , including international transportation needed in connection with market development and other agricultural projects and activities in india and other countries . END
the rupee equivalent of UNK million , but not more than 5 percent of the UNK received under the agreement will be used for loans to be made by the export-import bank of washington under section 104 ( e ) of the agricultural trade development and assistance act , as amended ( hereinafter referred to as the act ) , and for administrative expenses of the export-import bank of washington in india incident thereto . END
it is understood that : ( a ) END
such loans under section 104 ( e ) of the act will be made to united states business firms and branches , UNK , or UNK of such firms in india for business development and trade expansion in india and to united states firms and to indian firms for the establishment of facilities for aiding in the utilization , distribution , or otherwise increasing the consumption of and markets for united states agricultural products . END
in the event the rupees set aside for loans under section 104 ( e ) of the act are not advanced within six years from the date of this agreement because the export-import bank of washington has not approved loans or because proposed loans have not been mutually agreeable to the export-import bank of washington and the department of economic affairs of the government of india , the government of the united states of america may use the rupees for any purpose authorized by section 104 of the act . END
loans will be mutually agreeable to the export-import bank of washington and the government of india acting through the department of economic affairs of the ministry of finance . END
the secretary , department of economic affairs , or his designate , will act for the government of india , and the president of the export-import bank of washington , or his designate , will act for the export-import bank of washington . END
upon receipt of an application which the export-import bank is prepared to consider , the export-import bank will inform the department of economic affairs of the identity of the applicant , the nature of the proposed business , the amount of the proposed loan , and the general purposes for which the loan proceeds would be expended . END
when the export-import bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application , it will so notify the department of economic affairs and will indicate the interest rate and the UNK period which would be used under the proposed loan . END
the interest rate will be similar to those prevailing in india on comparable loans and the UNK will be consistent with the purposes of the financing . END
within sixty days after the receipt of notice that the export-import bank is prepared to act favorably upon an application the department of economic affairs will indicate to the export-import bank whether or not the department of economic affairs has any objection to the proposed loan . END
unless within the UNK period the export-import bank has received such a communication from the department of economic affairs it shall be understood that the department of economic affairs has no objection to the proposed loan . END
when the export-import bank UNK or declines the proposed loan , it will notify the department of economic affairs . END
with respect to article 2 , , paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) : uses of section 104 ( e ) and section 104 ( g ) rupees : the government of india will use the amount of rupees granted or loaned to it by the united states pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) for projects to promote economic development with emphasis upon the agricultural sector including food reserve storage structures and facilities as may from time to time be agreed upon by the authorized representatives of the united states and the authorized representatives of the government of india , in the following sectors : a . END
industry , including the production of fertilizer , UNK and power , transport and communications , and credit institutions ; ; END
public health , education , and rehabilitation ; ; END
other economic development projects consistent with the purposes of sections 104 ( e ) and 104 ( g ) of the act . END
the government of india further agrees in cooperation with the government of the united states , to coordinate the use of grant and loan funds provided for in paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , with such direct dollar assistance as may be made available by the government of the united states of america , so that both sources of financing may be UNK to specific and clearly identifiable economic development programs and projects . END
it is agreed that any goods delivered or services rendered after the date of this agreement for projects within categories a , b , and c under paragraph 2 above which may later be approved by the united states will be eligible for financing from currency granted or loaned to the government of india . END
with regard to the rupees accruing to uses indicated under article 2 , of the agreement , the understanding of the government of the united states of america , with respect to both paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , is as follows : ( 1 ) END
local currency will be advanced or UNK to the government of india for financing agreed projects under paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , of the agreement upon the presentation of such UNK as the united states may specify . END
the government of india shall maintain or cause to be maintained books and records adequate to identify the goods and services financed for agreed projects pursuant to paragraphs 1 ( b ) and 1 ( c ) of article 2 , of the agreement , to disclose the use thereof in the projects and to record the progress of the projects ( including the cost thereof ) . END
the books and records with respect to each project shall be maintained for the duration of the project , or until the UNK of three years after final UNK for the project has been made by the united states , whichever is later . END
the two governments shall have the right at all reasonable times to examine such books and records and all other documents , correspondence , UNK and other records involving transactions relating to agreed projects . END
the government of india shall enable the authorized representatives of the united states to observe and review agreed projects and the utilization of goods and services financed under the projects , and shall furnish to the united states all such information as it shall reasonably request concerning the UNK matters and the expenditures related thereto . END
this broad delegation leaves within our discretion ( subject to the UNK criterion of the public interest ) both the determination of what degree of interference shall be considered excessive , and the methods by which such excessive interference shall be avoided . END
the present proceeding is concerned with the standard broadcast ( am ) band , from UNK UNK to UNK UNK . END
whenever two or more standard broadcast stations operate simultaneously on the same or closely adjacent frequencies , each UNK to some extent with reception of the other . END
the extent of such interference -- which may be so slight as to be UNK at any point where either of the stations UNK a usable signal , or may be so great as to virtually destroy the service areas of both stations -- depends on many factors , among the principal ones being the distance between the stations , their respective radiated power , and , of particular significance here , the time of day . END
other factors playing a part in the extent of am service and interference are the frequency involved , the time of year , the position of the year in the UNK cycle , ground conductivity along the transmission path , atmospheric and UNK noise , and others . END
with the existence of these many factors , some of them variable , it obviously has never been and is not now possible for the commission to make assignments of am stations on a UNK basis which will insure against any interference in any circumstances . END
rather , such assignments are made , as they must be , on the basis of certain overall rules and standards , representing to some extent a statistical approach to the problem , taking into account for each situation some of the variables ( e.g. , power and station UNK ) and averaging out others in order to achieve the balance which must be struck between protection against destructive interference and the assignment of a number of stations large enough to afford optimum radio service to the nation . END
an example of the overall standards applied is the UNK ratio established for the determination of that degree of cochannel interference which is regarded as UNK . END
by this standard , it is determined that where two stations operating on the same frequency are involved , UNK interference from station a exists at any point within the service area of station b where station a's signal is of an intensity UNK or more of the strength of station UNK signal at that point . END
the UNK ratio for cochannel interference UNK one of the fundamental limiting principles which we must always take into account in am assignments and UNK -- that signals from a particular station are potential sources of UNK interference over an area much greater than that within which they provide useful service . END
a second fundamental principle is that involved particularly in the present proceeding -- the difference between nighttime and daytime propagation conditions with respect to the standard broadcast frequencies . END
this is a phenomenon familiar to all radio listeners , resulting from reflection of skywave signals at night from the UNK layer in the upper atmosphere known as the UNK . END
all am stations UNK both skywave and groundwave signals , at all hours ; ; END
but during the middle daytime hours these skywave UNK are not reflected in any substantial quantity , and during this portion of the day both skywave service and skywave interference are , in general , negligible . END
but during nighttime hours the skywave UNK are reflected from the UNK , thereby creating the possibility of one station's rendering service , via skywave , at a much greater distance than it can through its groundwave signal , and at the same time vastly UNK the interference problem because of the still greater distance over which these skywave signals may cause interference to the signals of stations on the same and closely adjacent frequencies . END
because of the difference between daytime and nighttime propagation conditions , it has been necessary to evolve different allocation structures for daytime and nighttime broadcasting in the am band , with many more stations operating during the day than at night . END
it was recognized years ago that the transition from daytime to nighttime propagation conditions , and vice versa , is not an instantaneous process , but takes place over periods of time from roughly 2 hours before sunset until about 2 hours after sunset , and again from roughly 2 hours before sunrise until some 2 hours after sunrise . END
during the period of about 4 hours around sunset , skywave transmission conditions are building up until full nighttime conditions prevail ; ; END
during the same period around sunrise , skywave transmission is declining , until at about 2 hours after sunrise it reaches a point where it becomes of little practical significance . END
however , in this case as elsewhere it was necessary to arrive at a single standard to be applied to all situations , representing an averaging of conditions , and thus to fix particular points in time which would be considered the dividing points between daytime and nighttime conditions . END
it was determined that the hours of sunrise and sunset , respectively , should be used for this purpose . END
accordingly , the UNK rules adopted these hours as limitations upon the operation of daytime stations . END
class 2 , stations operating on clear channels are required to cease operation or operate under nighttime restrictions beginning either at local sunset ( for daytime class 2 , stations ) or sunset at the location of the dominant class 1 , station where located west of the class 2 , station ( for UNK class 2 , stations ) . END
the same restrictions apply after local sunset in the case of class 3 , stations operating on regional channels , which after that time are required to operate under nighttime restrictions in order to protect each other . END
with respect to nighttime assignments , the degree of skywave service and interference is determined by skywave curves ( figs. 1 and 2 of UNK UNK of the rules ) giving average skywave values . END
these curves were derived by an analysis of extensive skywave measurement data . END
it was recognized that skywave signals , because of their reflected nature , are of great UNK and subject to wide UNK in strength . END
for this reason , the more uncertain skywave service was UNK `` secondary '' in our rules , as compared to the UNK , more reliable groundwave `` primary service '' , and , for both skywave service and skywave interference , signal strength is expressed in terms of percentage of time a particular UNK level is exceeded -- 50 percent of the time for skywave service , 10 percent of the time for skywave interference . END
as mentioned , the allocation of am stations represents a balance between protection against interference and the provision of opportunity for an adequate number of stations . END
the rules and policies to be applied in this process of course must be based on objectives which represent what is to be desired if radio service is to be of maximum use to the nation . END
our objectives , as we have stated many times , are -- ( 1 ) END
to provide some service to all listeners ; ; END
to provide as many choices of service to as many listeners as possible ; ; END
to provide service of local origin to as many listeners as possible . END
since broadcast frequencies are very limited in number , these objectives are to some extent inconsistent in that not all of them can be fully realized , and to the extent that each is realized , there is a corresponding reduction of the possibilities for fullest achievement of the others . END
accordingly , the commission has recognized that an optimum allocation pattern for one frequency does not necessarily represent the best pattern for other frequencies , and has assigned different frequencies for use by different classes of stations . END
some 45 frequencies are assigned for use primarily by dominant class 1 , -- a or class 1 , -- b UNK stations , designed to operate with adequate power and to provide service -- both groundwave and ( at night ) skywave -- over large areas and at great distances , being protected against interference to the degree necessary to achieve this objective . END
in dealing with these frequencies , the objective listed first above -- provision of service to all listeners -- was UNK ; ; END
the other objectives were subordinated to it . END
the class 1 , stations on these clear channels are protected to their UNK groundwave contours against daytime cochannel interference . END
with respect to skywave service rendered at night , class 1 , -- a stations are the only stations permitted to operate in the united states on clear channels specified for class 1 , -- a operation , and so render skywave service free from cochannel interference UNK they may be received ; ; END
class 1 , -- b stations are protected at night to their UNK UNK time skywave contours against cochannel interference . END
since the provision of skywave service requires adequate freedom from interference , only class 1 , stations are capable of rendering skywave service . END
but nighttime operation by stations of other classes of course entails skywave interference to groundwave service , interference which is substantial unless steps are taken to minimize it . END
with respect to other frequencies , these are designated as regional or local , and assigned for use by class 3 , and class 4 , stations , respectively , stations operating generally with lower power . END
in the allocation pattern worked out for these frequencies , the provision of long-range service has to some extent been subordinated to the other two objectives -- assignment of multiple facilities , and assignment of stations in as many communities as possible . END
as mentioned , the primary allocation objective to be followed in the allocation of stations on clear channels is the provision of widespread service , free from destructive interference . END
during nighttime hours , because of the intense skywave propagation then prevailing , no large number of stations can be permitted to operate on one of these channels , if the wide area service for which these frequencies are assigned is to be rendered satisfactorily by the dominant stations which must be relied upon to render it . END
therefore , under our UNK allocation rules , on some of these channels no station other than the dominant ( class 1 ) -- a ) station is permitted to operate at night , so that the 1 , -- a station can render service , interference free , wherever it can be received . END
on the remainder of the clear channels , the dominant ( class 1 ) -- b stations are protected as described above , and the relatively small number of secondary ( class 2 ) ) stations permitted to operate on these channels at night are required to operate UNK and/or with reduced power so as to protect the class 1 , stations . END
in the daytime , on the other hand , since skywave transmission is relatively inefficient , it is possible to assign a substantially larger number of stations on these channels . END
additional class 2 , assignments for daytime operation can be made without causing destructive interference to the class 1 , stations or to each other , and by their operation provide additional service on these channels and additional local outlets for a large number of communities . END
such additional daytime class 2 , assignments are appropriate if optimum use is to be made of these frequencies , and the commission has over the years made a large number of them . END
similarly , on the regional channels many class 3 , stations have been assigned either to operate daytime only or to operate nighttime with directional UNK and/or lower power . END
essentially , the question presented for decision in the present daytime skywave proceeding is whether our decision ( in UNK ) to assign stations on the basis of daytime conditions from sunrise to sunset , is sound as a basis for am UNK , or whether , in the light of later developments and new understanding , skywave transmission is of such significance during the hours immediately before sunset and after sunrise that this condition should be taken into account , and some stations required to afford protection to other stations during these hours . END
the history of the proceeding END
the decision reached in UNK was made after the accumulation of a large amount of data and thorough study thereof . END
since then , there has been a notable increase in the number of stations and also the accumulation of additional data and the development of new techniques for using it , leading to a better understanding of propagation phenomena . END
in 1947 , UNK were filed with the commission by various UNK stations UNK that extensive interference was being caused to the service areas of these stations during daylight hours , from class 2 , stations whose signals were being reflected from the UNK so as to create skywave UNK . END
if you elect to use the standard deduction or the tax table , and later find you should have UNK your deductions , you may do so by filing an amended return within the time prescribed for filing a claim for refund . END
see you may claim a refund , page UNK . END
the same is true if you have UNK your deductions and later decide you should have used the standard deduction or tax table . END
the words amended return should be plainly written across the top of such return . END
when and where to file END
april 15 is usually the final date for filing income tax returns for most people because they use the calendar year ending on december 31 . END
if you use a fiscal year , a year ending on the last day of any month other than december , your return is due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of your tax year . END
saturday , sunday , or holiday . END
if the last day ( due date ) for performing any act for tax purposes , such as filing a return or making a tax payment , etc. , falls on saturday , sunday , or a legal holiday , you may perform that act on the next succeeding day which is not a saturday , sunday , or legal holiday . END
since april 15 , 1962 , is on sunday your return for the calendar year 1961 will be timely filed if it is filed on or before monday , april 16 , 1962 . END
if you mail a return or tax payment , you must place it in the mails in ample time to reach the district director on or before the due date . END
declaration of estimated tax . END
if you were required to file a declaration of estimated tax for the calendar year 1961 , it is not necessary to pay the fourth installment otherwise due on january 15 , 1962 , if you file your income tax return form 1040 , and pay your tax in full for the calendar year 1961 by january 31 , 1962 . END
the filing of an original or amended declaration , otherwise due on january 15 , 1962 , is also UNK , if you file your form 1040 for 1961 and pay the full tax by january 31 , 1962 . END
farmers , for these purposes , have until february 15 , 1962 , to file form 1040 and pay the tax in full for the calendar year 1961 . END
fiscal year taxpayers have until the last day of the first month following the close of the fiscal year ( farmers until the 15th day of the 2d month ) . END
UNK UNK living in canada or mexico who earn wages in the united states may be subject to withholding of tax on their wages , the same as if they were citizens of the united states . END
their united states tax returns are due april 16 , 1962 . END
however , if their united states income is not subject to the withholding of tax on wages , their returns are due june 15 , 1962 , if they use a calendar year , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of their fiscal year . END
UNK UNK in puerto rico . END
if you are a UNK alien and a resident of puerto rico , your return is also due june 15 , 1962 , or the 15th day of the 6th month after the close of your fiscal year . END
if a taxpayer dies , the UNK , administrator , or legal representative must file the final return for the UNK on or before the 15th day of the 4th month following the close of the deceased UNK normal tax year . END
suppose john jones , who , for 1960 , filed on the basis of a calendar year , died june 20 , 1961 . END
his return for the period january 1 to june 20 , 1961 , is due april 16 , 1962 . END
the return for a UNK may also serve as a claim for refund of an overpayment of tax . END
in such a case , form UNK should be completed and attached to the return . END
this form may be obtained from the local office of your district director . END
returns of estates or trusts are due on or before the 15th day of the 4th month after the close of the tax year . END
extensions of time for filing . END
under unusual circumstances a resident individual may be granted an extension of time to file a return . END
you may apply for such an extension by filing form UNK , application for extension of time to file , with the district director of internal revenue for your district , or you may make your application in a letter . END
your application must include the following information : ( 1 ) your reasons for requesting an extension , ( 2 ) whether you filed timely income tax returns for the 3 preceding years , and ( 3 ) whether you were required to file an estimated return for the year , and if so whether you did file and have paid the estimated tax payments on or before the due dates . END
any failure to file timely returns or make estimated tax payments when due must be fully explained . END
extensions are not granted as a matter of course , and the reasons for your request must be substantial . END
if you are unable to sign the request , because of illness or other good cause , another person who stands in close personal or business relationship to you may sign the request on your behalf , stating the reason why you are unable to sign . END
you should make any request for an extension early so that if it is refused , your return may still be on time . END
see also interest on unpaid taxes , below . END
citizens of the united states who , on april 15 , are not in the united states or puerto rico , are allowed an extension of time until june 15 for filing the return for the preceding calendar year . END
an extension of 2 months beyond the regular due date for filing is also available to taxpayers making returns for a fiscal year . END
taxpayers residing or traveling in alaska are also allowed this extension of time for filing , but those residing or traveling in hawaii are not allowed this automatic extension . END
military or naval personnel on duty in alaska or outside the united states and puerto rico are also allowed this automatic extension of time for filing their returns . END
you must attach a statement to your return , if you take advantage of this automatic extension , showing that you were in alaska or were outside the united states or puerto rico on april 15 or other due date . END
interest on unpaid taxes . END
interest at the rate of UNK a year must be paid on taxes that are not paid on or before their due date . END
such interest must be paid even though an extension of time for filing is granted . END
when payment is due . END
if your computation on form 1040 or form 1040a shows you owe additional tax , it should be UNK with your return unless you owe less than $1 , in which case it is forgiven . END
if payment is by cash , you should ask for a receipt . END
if you file form 1040a and the district director UNK your tax , you will be sent a bill if additional tax is due . END
this bill should be paid within 30 days . END
payment by check or money order . END
whether the check is certified or UNK , the tax is not paid until the check is paid . END
if the check is not good and the april 15 or other due date deadline UNK , additions to the tax may be incurred . END
furthermore , a bad check may subject the maker to certain penalties . END
all checks and money orders should be made UNK to internal revenue service . END
an overpayment of income and social security taxes entitles you to a refund unless you indicate on the return that the overpayment should be applied to your succeeding year's estimated tax . END
if you file form 1040a and the district director UNK your tax , any refund to which you are entitled will be mailed to you . END
if you file a form 1040 , you should indicate in the place provided that there is an overpayment of tax and the amount you want UNK and the amount you want credited against your estimated tax . END
UNK of less than $1 will not be made unless you attach a separate application to your return requesting such a refund . END
send your return to the director of internal revenue for the district in which you have your legal residence or principal place of business . END
if you have neither a legal residence nor a principal place of business in any internal revenue district , your return should be filed with the district director of internal revenue , baltimore 2 , md. . END
if your principal place of abode for the tax year is outside the united states ( including alaska and hawaii ) , puerto rico , or the virgin islands and you have no legal residence or principal place of business in any internal revenue district in the united states , you should file your return with the office of international operations , internal revenue service , washington 25 , d.c. . END
the deductions allowed in determining adjusted gross income put all taxpayers on a comparable basis . END
it is the amount you enter on line 9 , page 1 of form 1040 . END
some deductions are subtracted from gross income to determine adjusted gross income . END
other deductions are subtracted only from adjusted gross income in arriving at taxable income . END
to compute your adjusted gross income you total all items of income . END
( see chapter 6 . END
) from this amount deduct the items indicated below . END
businessmen deduct all ordinary and necessary expenses attributable to a trade or business . END
if you hold property for the production of UNK or UNK you UNK , in computing adjusted gross income , ordinary and necessary expenses and certain other deductions attributable to the property . END
( see chapter 15 . END
outside salesmen deduct all expenses attributable to earning a salary , commission , or other compensation . END
( see chapter 10 . END
employees deduct expenses of travel , meals and lodging while away from home in connection with the performance of their services as employees . END
they also deduct transportation expenses incurred in connection with the performance of services as employees even though they are not away from home . END
( see chapter 12 . END
) if your employer UNK you for expenses incurred , you deduct such expenses if they otherwise qualify . END
( see chapter 10 . END
sick pay , if included in your gross income , is deducted in arriving at adjusted gross income . END
if your sick pay is not included in your gross income , you may not deduct it . END
( see chapter 9 . END
) income from estates and trusts . END
if you are a life tenant , you deduct allowable depreciation and depletion . END
if you are an income UNK of property held in trust or an heir , UNK , or UNK , you may deduct allowable depreciation and depletion , if not deductible by the estate or trust . END
deductible losses on sales or exchanges of property are allowable in determining your adjusted gross income . END
( see chapter 20 . END
) 50% of capital gains . END
you also deduct 50% of the excess of net long-term capital gains over net short-term capital losses in determining adjusted gross income . END
( see chapter 24 . END
certain other deductions are not allowed in determining adjusted gross income . END
they may be claimed only by UNK them on page 2 of form 1040 . END
these deductions may not be claimed if you elect to use the standard deduction or tax table . END
( see chapters 30 through 37 . END
minors minors must also file returns if they earn $600 or more during the year . END
a minor is subject to tax on his own earnings even though his parent may , under local law , have the right to them and might actually have received the money . END
his income is not required to be included in the return of his parent . END
a minor child is allowed a personal exemption of $600 on his own return regardless of how much money he may earn . END
exemption also allowed parent . END
if your child is under 19 or is a student you may also claim an exemption for him if he UNK as your dependent , even though he UNK $600 or more . END
your 16 year old son earned UNK in 1961 . END
you spent $800 for his support . END
since he had gross income of $600 or more , he must file a return in which he may claim an exemption deduction of $600 . END
since you contributed more than half of his support , you may also claim an exemption for him on your return . END
he may get a tax refund . END
a minor who has gross income of less than $600 is entitled to a refund if income tax was withheld from his wages . END
generally , the refund may be obtained by filing form 1040a accompanied by the withholding statement ( form UNK ) . END
if he had income other than wages subject to withholding , he may be required to file form 1040 . END
if your child works for you , you may deduct reasonable wages you paid to him for services he rendered in your business . END
you may deduct these payments even though your child uses the money to purchase his own clothing or other necessities which you are normally obligated to furnish him , and even though you may be entitled to his services . END
the one- or UNK hunt , of which there have been too many recently , may do more harm than good ; ; END
for such programs raise hopes of assistance toward achieving excellence in scholarship and the arts which are dashed when the programs are discontinued ; ; END
and they are dashed , no less , by lack of skill in making selections of men and women for development toward the highest reaches of the mind and spirit . END
for the making of selections on the basis of excellence requires that any foundation making the selections shall have available the judgments of a corps of advisors whose judgments are known to be good : such judgments can be known to be good only by the records of those selected , by records made subsequent to their selection over considerable periods of time . END
the central group of the foundation's advisors are , at any one period of time , the members of our advisory board , consisting , now , of UNK men and women . END
they are chosen by the foundation's board of trustees on the bases of their own first-rate accomplishments in their different fields of scholarship and the arts . END
their locations in all parts of the united states , and their locations in the several kinds of educational and research institutions that are the principal homes of our intellectual and artistic strengths also are factors in the UNK minds . END
for this concept of an advisory board , UNK to the board of trustees , we are indebted to the late president of harvard university , a. lawrence lowell , a master of the subject of the structure of cultural institutions and their administration . END
that we had the wit and wisdom to adopt mr. UNK concept and make it the base for our processes of selection is one reason why our selections have been , it may be said truly , pretty uniformly good . END
for , in accordance with mr. UNK concept of an advisory board , our selections are made by experienced UNK who give both constancy and consistency to our processes and our choices . END
and lest we should become too consistent , in the sense of becoming UNK of new fields of scholarship and new points of view in the arts , the foundation's board of trustees maintains a UNK -- not a flow ! ! END
-- of new members through the advisory board . END
two committees of members of the advisory board constitute the committees of selection -- one for the selection of fellows from canada , the united states , and the UNK caribbean area and one for the selection of fellows from the latin american republics and the republic of the philippines . END
to the members of our advisory board , and most specially to its members who constitute our committees of selection , the foundation is indebted for its successes of choice of fellows . END
we are , as we know , utterly dependent on the quality of advice we get ; ; END
and quality of advice , added to devotion to the foundation's purposes and ideals , we do get from our advisory board in measures so full that they can be appreciated only by those of us who work here every day . END
but the facts about our advisory board and its UNK duties are only one of several sets of facts about the quest for advice , both reliable and imaginative , on which to base our selections of fellows . END
for example , the interest of past members of the foundation's advisory board remains such that they place their knowledge and judgments at our disposal much as they had done when they were , formally , members of that board . END
and , besides , there are a large number of scholars , artists , composers of music , novelists , poets , UNK , choreographers , lawyers , servants of government , and men of affairs -- hundreds , indeed -- who serve the foundation well with the advice they give us freely and UNK out of their experience . END
to all , the foundation gives the kind of thanks which are more than thanks : to them we are grateful beyond the possibility of UNK in words how grateful we are . END
it is a UNK of business that no business can be better than its board of directors and its top management . END
the same is true of every foundation . END
during the UNK reviewed in this report , our board of trustees named able men , younger than the rest of us , to the board and to top management to insure future continuance of the first-class administration of the foundation's affairs : END
dr. james brown UNK , physicist , president of the bell telephone laboratories , was elected to the board of trustees . END
he is a member both of the national academy of sciences and of the american philosophical society ; ; END
and he has served our country well as a scientific statesman on international commissions . END
dr. gordon n. ray , UNK , vice-president and professor of english in the university of illinois , was appointed associate secretary general . END
the trustees of the foundation appointed dr. ray to that position with the stated expectation that he would succeed the present secretary general upon the latter's eventual retirement . END
dr. ray is a fellow of the foundation -- appointed UNK to assist his studies of william UNK UNK and of h. g. wells -- and , before his appointment to the foundation's executive staff , had been given our highest scholarly UNK , appointment to the advisory board . END
referring further to the foundation's officers , dr. james f. UNK , for eleven years our UNK colleague as associate secretary , was promoted to be secretary . END
he is a historian , with the great merit of a UNK long view . END
also appointed to the foundation's staff , as assistant secretary , is mr. j. UNK smith , jr. . END
mr. smith , like the present secretary general , is a lawyer ; ; END
and lawyers -- with the great virtues that they are trained to read `` the fine print '' carefully and are able out of professional experience to arrive at imaginative solutions to difficult problems in many fields -- are indispensable even in a foundation office . END
the present secretary general has been the foundation's principal administrative officer continuously since the foundation's establishment thirty-five years ago . END
but even he will not last indefinitely and the UNK new arrangements are , quite simply , made to assure qualitative continuity in the foundation's policies and practices . END
the effective recognition of excellence and its nurture has to be learned and is not learned in a day , nor even in a year . END
we are not given to UNK , neither personally nor in these reports . END
on the contrary , if this be an apocalyptic era as is commonly said , we see it as an era of opportunity . END
for , granting that there are great present-day problems to be solved , these problems make great demands ; ; END
and by their demanding tend to create resources of men's minds and hearts which problems with easy answers do not bring forth . END
of this , examples are legion : UNK speaking his funeral UNK in ancient UNK extremity after UNK and making it a testament of freedom ; ; END
jefferson writing the declaration of independence amid the catastrophes of revolution ; ; END
christ preaching the sermon on the mount , close to his ultimate sacrifice ; ; END
shakespeare speaking with `` the indescribable UNK of the elizabethan voice '' -- ; ; END
UNK words -- in the days of the spanish UNK threats ; ; END
isaac newton , at the age of twenty-three , UNK calculating UNK `` to two and fifty places '' during the great plague year in england , UNK ; ; END
winston UNK UNK , optimistic and resolute UNK when britain stood alone against the armed forces of tyranny less than twenty years ago ; ; END
the present-day UNK of outer space , answering age-old questions of science and philosophy , in the face of possible wars of UNK . END
UNK et UNK UNK UNK UNK , as the roman poet , UNK , declared with much more historical sense than most writers of today . END
it gives , indeed , cause for rejoicing to remember what many catastrophes of the past produced ; ; END
and it is to be noted also that confidence should grow from remembering that great men often appeared in the past to turn local catastrophe into future good for all mankind . END
for example , out of the social evils of the english industrial revolution came the novels of charles dickens ; ; END
and his genius moved his readers to seek solutions of those evils for all western men -- until today -- , in the industrialized west , these social evils substantially do not exist . END
the solutions were not arrived at by any UNK of the karl marx stripe but by men of government -- lawyers , most of them -- and men of business . END
these were educated men , who , as mr. justice holmes was fond of saying , formed their UNK out of experience under the burden of responsibility . END
that is , to put it realistically , they had to run their businesses at a profit , or they had to get the votes to get elected . END
nevertheless , they made UNK of marx's prophecy that capitalism would never pay the `` workers '' -- to use marx's word -- more than a subsistence wage , with the consequence that increased productivity must inevitably find its way into the UNK pockets with the result , in turn , that the gap between the rich and the poor would UNK widen and the misery of the poor increase . END
but as all understand who have eyes to see , nothing of the kind has happened ; ; END
indeed , the contrary has happened . END
the gulf between the `` rich '' and the `` poor '' has narrowed , in the industrialized western world , to the point that the word `` poor '' is hardly applicable . END
and the reason this could happen is clear : men of government , business men , lawyers and all who concerned themselves with the welfare of their fellow men did not let their concern to run their businesses at a profit restrict the development of freedom and opportunity . END
some would say that they were not permitted to run their businesses only for profit ; ; END
and even putting it that way would not prove that marx was anything but wrong . END
sir henry UNK maine , a hundred years before communism was a force to be UNK with , wrote his brilliant legal generalization , that `` the progress of society is from status to contract '' . END
the essence of contract is that one is free to make a choice of what one will or will not do . END
hence , the condition of freedom is a necessary condition for choice . END
the greater the range of freedom for individual men , the greater the range of choice ; ; END
the greater the range of choice , the greater the rate of change . END
for change is dependent on the possibilities that individual men glimpse for the future . END
but when there is not freedom and opportunity to choose , men -- individual men -- must remain in status and society does not , cannot , progress . END
the eternal truth is that progress -- due , as it always is , to individual creative genius -- is just as dependent on freedom as human life is dependent on the beating of the heart . END
and lest anybody think that considerations such as these are not UNK in a foundation report , let me UNK them with the truths that , under communism there would have been no capital with which to UNK the foundation , and that there would not be that individual freedom within which the fellows might proceed , untrammeled in every way , toward their discoveries , their creative efforts for the good of mankind . END
during the year 1959 , we granted UNK UNK ; ; END
in 1960 , we granted UNK . END
as heretofore , our UNK are available to assist research in all fields of knowledge and creative effort in all the arts . END
we do not favor one field over another : we think that all inquiry , all scholarly and artistic creation , is good -- provided only that it contributes to a sense and understanding of the true ends of life , as all first-rate scholarship and artistic creation does . END
indeed , if pressed , we would say what the late robert henri , american painter , said to a pupil , `` anything will do for a subject : it's what you do with it that counts '' . END
thus , we have no part , and want none , in current discussions of the relative importance of science , the social studies , the UNK , the creative arts . END
we want no part in such discussions , because we think them largely futile ; ; END
and we think them largely futile because , for true excellence of accomplishment , every scholar and every artist must cross boundaries of knowledge and boundaries of points of view . END
when the brown & sharpe manufacturing company reached its UNK year as a going industrial concern during 1958 , it became an almost unique institution in the mechanical world . END
with its history standing UNK all but the very beginnings of the industrial revolution , brown & sharpe has become over the years a singular monument to the mechanical foresight of its founder , joseph r. brown , and a UNK UNK for precision and progress in UNK technology . END
joseph r. brown grew up in the UNK and enterprise of new england between 1810 and UNK . END
he was early exposed to the mechanical world , and in his youth often helped his father , david brown , master clock and UNK , as he UNK his trade . END
at the age of 17 he became an apprentice machinist at the shop of UNK & harris in valley falls , rhode island , and following two or three other jobs in quick succession after graduation , he went into business for himself in UNK , making UNK and small tools . END
this enterprise led to a UNK combination beginning in UNK , under the name d. brown & son , a business which eventually grew into the modern corporation we now call brown & sharpe . END
the years of UNK partnership with his father were numbered . END
in UNK , a devastating fire UNK their small shop and soon thereafter david brown moved west to illinois , settling on a land grant in his declining years . END
joseph brown continued in business by himself , quickly rebuilding the establishment which had been lost in the fire and beginning those first steps which were to establish him as a pioneer in raising the standards of accuracy of machine shop practice throughout the world . END
much of his genius , of course , sprang from his familiarity with clock movements . END
during these early years the repair of watches and clocks and the building of special clocks for church steeples formed an important part of the young man's occupation . END
he became particularly interested in graduating and precision measurement during the UNK , and his thinking along these lines developed considerably during this period . END
but his business also grew , and we are told that mr. brown found it increasingly difficult to devote as much time to his creative thinking as his UNK led him to desire . END
it must have been with some pleasure and relief that on september 12 , UNK , joseph brown made the momentous entry in his job book , in his characteristically UNK style , `` lucian sharpe came to work for me this day as an apprentice '' . END
the young apprentice apparently did well by mr. brown , for in the third year of his UNK lucian was offered a full partnership in the firm ; ; END
the company became `` j. r. brown & sharpe '' , and entered into a new and important period of its development . END
mr. UNK arrival in the business did indeed provide what mr. brown had most coveted -- time for `` UNK '' , and the opportunity of carrying out in the back room those developments in precision graduation which most interested him at that time . END
by UNK , the new partnership announced the precision UNK UNK as the first fruit of their joint efforts . END
the basic significance of this invention helped them to follow it rapidly in UNK by the development of a unique precision gear cutting and dividing engine . END
that development , in turn , formed the foundation of still more significant UNK in later years -- in gear cutting , in circular graduating , in index drilling , and in many other fields where accuracy was a paramount requirement . END
throughout their careers , both mr. brown and mr. sharpe were interested in the problem of setting up standards of measurement for the mechanical trades . END
several efforts were made in this direction , and though not all of them survive to this day , the brown & sharpe wire gage system was eventually adopted as the american standard and is still in common use today . END
as one development followed another , the company's reputation for precision in the graduating field brought it broader and broader opportunities for expansion in precision manufacture . END
in UNK , the partnership began manufacturing the UNK & gibbs sewing machine . END
as the story goes , mr. gibbs , who originally came from the back counties of the commonwealth of virginia , saw an illustration in a magazine of the famous howe sewing machine . END
curious as to what made it work , he built a crude model of it in wood , and filed a piece of steel until he succeeded in making a metal pickup for the thread , enabling the crude machine to take stitches . END
when he showed this model as his `` solution '' as to how the howe sewing machine operated , he was told he was `` wrong '' , and discovered to his amazement that the howe machine , which was unknown to him in detail , used two threads while the one that he had perfected used only one . END
thus was invented the single thread sewing machine , which mr. gibbs in partnership with mr. UNK decided to bring to brown & sharpe with the proposal that the small company undertake its manufacture . END
the new work was a UNK to the partnership , not only for its own value but particularly for the stimulation it provided to the imagination of j. r. brown toward yet further developments for production equipment . END
the UNK screw machine , now known as the brown & sharpe hand screw machine , takes its ancestry directly from mr. brown's efforts to introduce equipment to simplify the manufacture of the sewing machine . END
mr. brown made important additions to the arts in screw machine design by drastically improving the means for revolving the UNK , by introducing automatic feeding devices for the stock , and reversible tap and die holders . END
in 1861 , mr. brown's attention was called to yet another basic production problem -- the manufacture of twist drills . END
at that time , during the civil war , union UNK were being manufactured in providence and the drills to drill them were being UNK with UNK files . END
this process neither satisfied the urgent production schedules nor mr. brown's imagination of the possibilities in the situation . END
the child of this problem was mr. brown's famous serial no. 1 universal milling machine , the UNK from which is descended today's universal UNK milling machine used throughout the world . END
the original machine , bearing its famous serial number , is still on exhibition at the brown & sharpe precision center in providence . END
during the civil war period mr. brown also invented the brown & sharpe formed tooth gear cutter , a basic invention which ultimately UNK the world's gear manufacturing industry by changing its basic economics . END
up until that time it had been possible to make cutters for making gear teeth , but they were good for only one UNK . END
as soon as the time came for UNK , the precise form of the gear tooth was lost and a new cutter had to be made . END
this process made the economical manufacture of UNK questionable until some way could be found to permit the repeated UNK of gear tooth cutters without the loss of the precision form . END
mr. brown's invention achieved this and , as a UNK , formed the UNK of brown & UNK position of leadership in the gear making equipment field which lasted until the 1920's when UNK by other methods . END
the UNK UNK , as a common workshop tool , also owes much to j. r. brown . END
although mr. brown was not himself its inventor ( it was a french idea ) , it is typical that his intuition first conceived the importance of mass producing this basic tool for general use . END
so it was that when mr. brown and mr. sharpe first saw the french tool on exhibition in paris in 1868 , they brought a sample with them to the united states and started brown & sharpe in yet another field where it retains its leadership to this day . END
the final achievement of mr. brown's long and interesting mechanical career runs a close second in importance to his development of the universal milling machine . END
that achievement was his creation of the universal grinding machine , which made its appearance in 1876 at the philadelphia centennial exposition . END
this machine , like its milling counterpart , was the UNK of a UNK used to this very day in precision UNK shops throughout the world . END
along with j. r. brown's other major developments , the universal grinding machine was profoundly influential in setting the course of brown & sharpe for many years to come . END
following mr. brown's death , there came forward in the brown & sharpe organization many other men who contributed greatly to the development of the company . END
one such man was samuel darling . END
as head of the firm darling & UNK , mr. darling began by challenging brown & sharpe to its UNK competition during the UNK and early UNK . END
in 1868 , however , a truce was called between the companies , and the partnership of darling , brown & sharpe was formed . END
between that year and the buying out of mr. UNK interest in 1892 , a large portion of the company's precision tool business was carried out under the name of darling , brown & sharpe , and to this day many old precision tools are in use still bearing that famous UNK . END
perhaps the outstanding standard bearer of mr. brown's tradition for accuracy was mr. oscar j. UNK , whose mechanical genius closely paralleled that of mr. brown , and whose particular forte was the development of the exceedingly accurate measuring machinery that enabled brown & sharpe to manufacture UNK , and therefore its products , with an accuracy exceeding anything then available elsewhere in the world . END
also important on the brown & sharpe scene , at the turn of the century , was mr. richmond UNK , works superintendent of the company from 1876 to 1910 . END
mr. UNK possessed remarkable talents for the leadership and development of men . END
he was an ardent champion of the brown & sharpe apprentice program and personal counselor to countless able men who first developed their industrial talents with the company . END
in one sense it can be said that one of the most important brown & sharpe products over the years has been the men who began work with the company and subsequently came to places of industrial eminence throughout the nation and even abroad . END
commencing with the death of lucian sharpe in UNK , the name of henry d. sharpe was for more than 50 years closely interwoven with the destiny of the company . END
during his presidency , the company's physical plant was enormously expanded , and the length and breadth of the brown & sharpe machine tool line became the greatest in the world . END
during the early part of this century , the brown & sharpe works in providence were UNK as the largest single manufacturing facility devoted exclusively to precision machinery and tool manufacture anywhere in the world . END
during these years the company's product line followed the basic UNK laid down by mr. brown . END
it expanded from hand screw machines to automatic screw machines , from simple UNK gear cutting machines to gear UNK machines and a large contract gear manufacturing business , from rudimentary UNK universal milling machines to a broad line of elaborately controlled UNK and manufacturing type milling machines . END
in the grinding machine field , expansion went far from universal UNK alone and took in cylindrical UNK , surface UNK , and a wide variety of special and UNK models . END
in 1951 , henry d. sharpe , jr. succeeded his father and continued the company's development as a major factor in the UNK equipment business . END
the company is still broadening its line and is now active on four major fronts . END
the machine tool division is currently producing brown & sharpe single spindle automatic screw machines , grinding machines of many types , and knee and UNK milling machines . END
recently added is the brown & sharpe UNK drilling machine which introduces the company to an entirely new field of tool development . END
in the industrial products division , the company UNK and markets a wide line of precision UNK and inspection equipment , UNK tools -- including UNK , UNK UNK , and accessories . END
in the cutting tool division , the principal products include a wide variety of high speed steel milling cutters , end mills and UNK . END
sales and net income for the year ended december 31 , 1960 showed an improvement over 1959 . END
net income was UNK , or UNK per share on UNK common shares currently outstanding , as compared to UNK or UNK per share in 1959 , adjusted to the same number of shares . END
sales and other operating income increased UNK from UNK in 1959 to UNK in 1960 . END
this increase was sufficient to overcome the effect on net income of higher costs of manufacture and increased expenditures on research and development . END
in spite of the fact that our largest market , the textile industry , was affected substantially by the current decline in business activity , we have been able to produce and deliver our machines throughout the year 1960 at a rate materially higher than during 1959 . END
our current rate of incoming orders has now contracted and unless this trend can be reversed , our production for 1961 will be lower than for 1960 . END
however , the healthy inventory position of the textile industry lends support to the broadly expressed belief that improvement in that industry can be expected by the second half of 1961 . END
need for sound tax policy END
in connection with our continuing development of new and more efficient mill machinery , a sounder u. s. income tax policy on depreciation of production equipment , enabling the mills to charge off the cost of new machines on a more realistic basis , could , if adopted , have favorable effects on UNK business in the next few years . END
such a depreciation policy would also , we believe , prove a very important factor in strengthening the competitive position of the u. s. textile and other industries , thus helping to strengthen the position of the dollar in foreign exchange . END
our research and development program , serving as it does an industry which must compete against low-cost production throughout the world , continues to have primary emphasis at leesona . END
this program is based on the policy of designing and building efficient machines which will help produce better textile values -- fabrics whose cost in relation to quality , fashion and utility provide the consumer with better textile products for the money . END
such policy involves continuing effort to improve on existing mill equipment , in terms of efficiency and versatility . END
but more important , we believe , it must concentrate on the development of entirely new concepts in textile processing as do the unifil loom UNK and our more recent uniconer automatic UNK machine . END
on this basis , our already substantial budget for research and development has been further increased in recent years in order to finance the continuing engineering and design work essential to UNK future growth in sales and earnings . END
much of this necessary increase in research and development , though properly UNK to current expenses , is not reflected in earnings until projects are completed and the new machines sold in quantity , usually over a period of several years . END
in december we began to ship our UNK stretch yarn machines . END
these machines produce the higher quality stretch yarns required in weaving stretch and UNK fabrics . END
during the past year , great progress has been made by the weaving mills in creating new stretch and UNK fabrics . END
fashion centers are now predicting broad acceptance of sports UNK and improved `` wash and wear '' dresses and UNK made from these fabrics . END
this machine , operating at speeds up to UNK revolutions per minute , is believed to provide one of the fastest mechanical operations in industry today . END
it transfers yarn directly from the UNK largest package into ideal supply packages for use on unifil loom UNK in weaving stretch yarn fabrics . END
our new UNK ring UNK for glass fiber yarns is performing well in our UNK mills . END
later in the year , additional types of this leesona UNK will be made available to mills for other man-made fibers and natural yarns . END
these machines are designed to provide higher operating speeds , larger yarn packages , and greater flexibility of application to different types of yarn . END
this we believe will substantially broaden the potential market for the equipment . END
major activity at providence in 1961 will involve the scheduled completion of tooling for production of the uniconer automatic UNK machine . END
this work is UNK on schedule and we expect to make initial shipments in the fourth quarter of this year . END
this machine was demonstrated in two textile machinery UNK last year and was well received by the industry . END
the potential market for the machine should be comparable to that of the unifil loom UNK . END
the uniconer has several outstanding features -- it operates with much greater efficiency than existing equipment ; ; END
it UNK an automatic UNK device on each spindle , and it will knot a break in the yarn in 10 seconds as well as tie in new UNK as the running end is exhausted . END
because the UNK winding process is a relatively UNK operation for the mill , the almost complete automation provided by the uniconer can mean important economies in textile production , at the same time UNK quality . END
many mills have already placed firm orders for this machine . END
a new application for the unifil loom UNK , running single filling for box UNK , will broaden mill use of this equipment . END
a new spinning UNK machine has been developed to facilitate the use of our UNK machine in the production of UNK yarns . END
it is equipped with electronic controls that can be set to hold precise tension and speed . END
this new machine takes up UNK yarn from UNK or UNK and winds large packages at speeds up to 6,000 feet per minute . END
it is equipped with an automatic UNK device to reduce waste and handling time . END
our UNK machines and our UNK are undergoing important pilot plant testing for application with new high UNK yarns , in several fiber producing plants . END
we look forward to a stronger position in this expanding field . END
we are interested in further UNK into other fields of capital goods , or components for industrial products , and have recently intensified our efforts in that direction . END
our patterson UNK research division has made further very encouraging progress in development of fuel cells . END
the cooperation of our exclusive american UNK , pratt & whitney aircraft division of united aircraft corporation , has been important in this work . END
in addition to its major effort on fuel cells , patterson UNK research division is continuing to carry on research in other fields , both under contract for the defense department , other government agencies and for our own account . END
UNK is currently supplying components vital to the titan and UNK programs . END
we have recently entered into an agreement with UNK generale de UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) of france for the exclusive exchange of technical information on UNK materials . END
the agreement gives us rights for manufacturing and marketing of such materials in the united states . END
initially we will import the UNK materials and UNK from france but later we will manufacture in this country . END
there is a rapidly growing demand for this material , primarily from the military . END
further research , we believe , will develop important commercial applications . END
a project for the air force has been completed in which the UNK infrared detecting device was developed for area monitoring of UNK or dangerous gases . END
we are initiating research on the use of solid state materials for infrared detection using a method which will not require cooling of materials to attain high sensitivity . END
the rapid advance in science today suggests many other avenues of investigation . END
our plan is to keep abreast of these advances , and select for development those fields which seem most promising for our special capabilities . END
early in august we broke ground for a new UNK plant in warwick , rhode island , which will house our textile and coil winding machinery operations . END
construction is well along , and the plant is scheduled for completion in november of this year . END
all operations now carried on at our plant at cranston will be transferred to warwick . END
operations in the new plant should be producing efficiently early in 1962 . END
an UNK sketch of the new plant is shown on the front cover . END
the building will contain UNK square feet , approximately the same as our present plant . END
however , its modern one-story layout is designed to increase our production capacity , permit more efficient manufacturing , and substantially reduce current repair and maintenance costs . END
a major consideration in the choice of the warwick site , four miles from cranston , was the fact that it permits retention of our present trained and highly skilled work force . END
we have entered into an agreement for the sale of the present cranston properties , effective as soon as we have completed removal to our new plant . END
during the year our british subsidiary , UNK , limited , expanded its plant in UNK , england , and added machine tool capacity . END
the operations of its other plant in UNK and UNK former operations in manchester were transferred to a recently acquired plant in the adjoining town of heywood . END
layout and equipment were UNK and improved to obtain increased production on an efficient basis . END
the area available at heywood is approximately three times the size of the former UNK and manchester locations . END
in addition , land has been purchased to permit doubling the size of the plant in the future . END
the new warwick plant is being built at our expense and under our direction . END
it will be UNK on completion to the industrial foundation of rhode island , a UNK organization , which will UNK us for the cost of construction . END
we will then occupy the new plant under lease , with an option to purchase . END
these arrangements are , in our opinion , very favorable to leesona . END
interim financing of construction costs is provided by a short term loan from the chase manhattan bank . END
in addition to expenditures on the warwick plant , we have invested approximately UNK for machinery and equipment at cranston , and for new machinery , plant and equipment at UNK , limited . END
we believe that these improved facilities will contribute income and effect savings which will fully justify the investment . END
long term loans have been reduced by UNK to UNK . END
inventories increased UNK to UNK during the year and should decline in coming months . END
thus we enter 1961 in a strong financial position . END
in accordance with the two-year contract signed in may , 1959 , with the international association of UNK , afl-cio , wages of UNK employees were increased by UNK in may , 1960 , and pay levels for UNK UNK employees were increased proportionately . END
in addition , blue cross coverage for all employees and their UNK was extended to provide the full cost of UNK hospital accommodations . END
in addition to direct salaries and wages , the company paid or UNK during the year the following amounts for the benefit of employees : END
during the pension year ended december 31 , 1960 , 23 employees retired , making a total of UNK currently retired under the company's pension plan . END
at december 13 , 1960 the fund held by the industrial national bank of providence , as trustee for payment of past and future service pensions to qualified members of the plan , totaled UNK . END
the basic market for textiles is growing with the expansion of the population that began 20 years ago . END
another growth factor is increased consumer demand for better quality and larger quantities of fabrics that go with a rising standard of living . END
as in many other industries , rising costs and intense competition , both domestic and foreign , have exerted increasing pressure on earnings of the textile industry in recent years . END
in textiles , as elsewhere , a major part of the solution lies in greater efficiency and higher productivity . END
as a designer and manufacturer of textile production machinery , leesona and other companies in its industry have sought to meet this challenge with new or improved equipment and methods that would increase production , yet maintain both quality and flexibility . END
the problem of efficient production in textiles is complicated by the fact that the industry serves large markets which shift quickly with changes of fashion in UNK or home decoration . END
production must be adjusted accordingly , at minimum cost and quickly . END
in addition , production machinery must in many cases be designed to handle with equal efficiency both natural fibers and the increasing number of UNK , as well as UNK . END
following the term of service in japan , each UNK returns for a brief visit to the campus to interpret his experience to the college community . END
the carleton service fund provides the financial support for this program . END
the college was one of the first to recognize the importance of music not only as a definite part of the curriculum but as a vital adjunct to campus life . END
extensive facilities for group performance are provided by maintaining , under skilled direction , the choir , the orchestra , the band , the UNK club , and smaller UNK of wind and string players . END
all students are invited to participate in any of the musical organizations for which they qualify . END
orchestra , band , and choir have UNK during the week preceding the first day of classes . END
the UNK club is open to all students and faculty with no UNK necessary for membership . END
in addition to the many appearances of these organizations throughout the college year , there are concerts by students of the music department , by members of the music faculty , and by visiting artists . END
student musical organizations are the knights of carleton and the overtones ( men's vocal groups ) , and the UNK ( a women's singing group ) . END
these UNK organizations include eight to ten members each ; ; END
they perform at many campus social events . END
from the founding of the college those responsible for its management have planned to provide its students favorable conditions for personal religious development and to offer opportunities through the curriculum and otherwise for understanding the meaning and importance of religion . END
courses are offered in ethics , the philosophy and history of religion , christian thought and history , and the bible . END
carleton aims throughout its entire teaching program to represent a point of view and a spirit which will contribute to the moral and religious development of its students . END
a college service of worship is held each sunday morning at eleven o'clock in the chapel . END
the UNK are given by the college chaplain , by members of the faculty , or by guest UNK . END
music is furnished by the carleton college choir . END
chapel services are held weekly . END
these services at which attendance is voluntary are led by the chaplain , by the president of the college , by selected faculty members , students , and visitors . END
the service is brief and variety in forms of worship is practiced . END
a sunday evening program provides theological lectures , music , drama , and films related to the issues of the UNK tradition . END
attendance is required at the college service of worship or at the sunday evening program or at any regularly organized service of public worship . END
each semester every student must attend ten of the services or religious meetings . END
attendance at the chapel service is voluntary . END
religious organizations include the groups described below . END
the UNK and UNK at carleton are connected with the corresponding national organizations and carry out their general purposes . END
occasional meetings are held for the whole membership , usually with a guest speaker , while smaller discussion groups meet more frequently . END
the associations sponsor many traditional campus events and provide students with opportunities to form new friendships , to broaden their interests , and to engage in worthwhile service projects . END
there are other organizations representing several of the denominational groups . END
included are the following : baptist student movement , canterbury club ( episcopal ) , christian science organization , UNK meeting for worship , UNK ( jewish ) , liberal religious fellowship , UNK student association , newman club ( roman catholic ) , presbyterian student fellowship , united student fellowship ( UNK ) , and UNK fellowship ( methodist ) . END
student religious organizations are UNK under the religious activities committee , a standing committee of the carleton student association . END
the UNK churches include the following : alliance , UNK , episcopal , UNK ( UNK , danish , missouri UNK , and UNK ) , methodist , UNK , UNK , and roman catholic . END
the purpose of producing plays at the college is UNK : to provide the carleton students with the best possible opportunity for UNK within the limits set by the maturity and experience of the performers and the theatrical facilities available ; ; END
to encourage the practice of attending the theater ; ; END
and to develop a discriminating audience for good drama and sensitive performance . END
dramatic activity at the college is organized and carried on by the carleton players , which is to say by all students who are so inclined to advance these aims . END
for the UNK season , the carleton players have announced blood wedding by UNK UNK UNK , the knight of the burning UNK by UNK and fletcher and a moon for the UNK by eugene UNK , with a UNK production of the glass UNK by tennessee williams . END
this workshop , located in UNK hall , provides facilities for students to work in UNK , weaving , UNK , UNK , UNK , textile printing , UNK , and UNK . END
these UNK activities are conducted under supervision of the director of the student workshop . END
the workshop is open five afternoons and two evenings each week . END
a student organization , UNK , is open to any student interested in increasing his understanding and appreciation of the graphic and ceramic arts in their historical , technical , and productive UNK . END
the group meets once a week in the UNK student workshop . END
they are assisted and advised by members of the art department . END
the athletic program at carleton is considered an integral part of the activities of the college and operates under the same UNK procedure and controls as the academic work . END
the physical education program for men recognizes the value of participation in competitive sports in the development of the individual student and aims to give every man an opportunity to enter some form of athletic competition , either intercollegiate or UNK . END
the same standards for admission , for UNK to receive scholarships or UNK , and for scholastic performance at college apply to all students . END
a faculty committee on athletics , responsible to the faculty as a whole , exercises control over the athletic program of the college . END
it concerns itself with : 1 . END
the policies which govern the program 2 . END
the preservation of desirable balance between the athletic and academic programs of the college 3 . END
the approval of athletic schedules 4 . END
the maintenance of midwest conference UNK standards END
carleton is a member of the midwest collegiate athletic conference and UNK by its UNK rules . END
in addition to these rules , carleton has added the following : 1 . END
a student who while in attendance at carleton college participates in an athletic contest during the school year , other than that sponsored by the college , shall be permanently UNK to participate in intercollegiate athletics at carleton college and will also face permanent suspension from the institution . END
the school year does not end for any student until he has completed his last examination of the semester . END
a student to be eligible for the UNK of any carleton team must have a scholastic record of at least UNK . END
the `` c '' club is composed of the men of the college who have won an official letter in carleton athletics . END
the purpose of the club is to promote better athletic teams at carleton and to increase interest in them among the student body . END
this is done by encouraging the entire male student body to participate in either the intercollegiate or UNK sports program and by UNK the carleton UNK . END
the UNK club was organized by undergraduate men interested in playing UNK and promoting the sport . END
membership consists of both UNK and experienced players . END
practices are held regularly and the schedule of games is prepared by the student coach and the officers of the club . END
this association , organized in 1920 , is affiliated with the athletic federation of college women . END
the purpose of the organization is to further the interest of women students in recreational activities as a means of promoting physical efficiency , UNK , and `` play for UNK sake '' . END
the association is governed by a board made up of representatives from each of the four classes . END
membership is open to any woman student in the college . END
active groups sponsored by the organization include the saddle club , UNK , golf club , tennis club , and dolphins . END
the saddle club , open to students proficient in UNK , presents the annual spring riding exhibition , and during the year it offers speakers , movies , breakfast rides , and trips to broaden their knowledge of the sport . END
UNK , for students interested in the modern dance , contributes to the may UNK and offers earlier in the year a modern dance demonstration . END
tennis club participates in a dual tennis tournament with the university of minnesota each fall , and also sponsors a two-day state UNK tennis meet at carleton in may . END
the dolphins present a UNK water show the week of the may UNK . END
under the auspices of the women's recreation association , UNK competition is organized in UNK , basketball , field UNK , golf , tennis , and swimming . END
the association participates in the winter sports carnival and sponsors several play days with st. UNK and other nearby colleges . END
with the co-operation of the department of physical education for men , the women's recreation association UNK mixed tournaments in tennis and golf in the fall and spring . END
throughout the year there are social events , such as UNK , breakfast hikes , canoe trips , UNK , and indoor parties . END
in addition to the miscellaneous pamphlets and other printed matter which it issues , the college maintains regular publications , as follows : END
the bulletin , in five issues : the report of the president in august ; ; END
the alumni fund report in september ; ; END
the annual UNK in march ; ; END
an alumni reunion bulletin in april ; ; END
and a special bulletin in june . END
the college also publishes each year the report of the treasurer and a monthly newsletter entitled carleton college comments . END
in co-operation with the alumni association of carleton college , an alumni magazine , the voice of the carleton alumni , is edited and mailed seven times a year by the UNK publications office and the alumni office . END
at intervals an alumni directory is issued . END
these publications may be secured as follows : the annual UNK from the director of UNK and other issues from the publications office . END
in january , 1960 , the first issue of the carleton UNK , a quarterly literary magazine , was published by the college . END
the magazine , edited by members of the carleton department of english , includes contributions by authors from both within and beyond the carleton community . END
the UNK , the college newspaper , is edited by students and published by the college under the supervision of the publications board . END
( see page 100 . END
) it is issued weekly throughout the college year . END
the publications board holds annual competitive examinations for places on the editorial and business staffs . END
the editor , sports editor , and student business manager are chosen in december , the new staff assuming responsibility for the paper at the beginning of the second semester . END
the paper affords excellent practice for students interested in the field of journalism . END
the UNK , the college annual , is published in the fall of each year . END
the UNK serves as a record of campus organizations and student activities during the year . END
the publications board receives applications for the positions of editor and business manager and makes the appointments in the spring previous to the year of publication . END
members of the UNK staff are nominated by the editor and business manager and appointed by the publications board . END
manuscript , a quarterly literary magazine , is published by the students of the college . END
it is the purpose of this magazine to serve as an outlet for student creative writing . END
the editor and business manager of manuscript are appointed by the publications board . END
a UNK , `` UNK '' broadcasting station , karl , heard only in the campus dormitories , is owned and operated by the students to provide an outlet for student dramatic , musical , literary , technical , and other talents , and to furnish information , music , and entertainment for campus listeners . END
over a hundred students participate in the planning and production of the daily program schedule . END
karl provides experience for students who wish to pursue careers in radio . END
the carleton student association includes all students in college and is intended `` to work for the UNK of carleton college by providing student government and student participation with the college administration in the formulation and execution of policies which UNK to student life and activities '' . END
the carleton social co-operative is a standing committee of the carleton student association . END
week-end activities for the entire campus are planned by the UNK board . END
in recent months , much attention has been given to the probable extent of the current UNK in business and economists are somewhat divided as to the outlook for the near future . END
and yet , despite some disappointment with the performance of this first year of the new decade , 1960 has been a good year in many ways , with many overall measures of business having reached new peaks for the year as a whole . END
the shift in sentiment from excessive optimism early in the year to the present mood of caution has probably been a good thing , in that it has prevented the accumulation of the UNK inventories that have characterized many previous UNK in the business cycle . END
this caution has been particularly noticeable in a tendency of retailers and distributors to shift the inventory burden back on the supplier , and the fact stocks at retail are low in many lines has escaped attention because of the presence of higher stocks at the manufacturing level . END
in the electronics industry , this tendency is well illustrated by inventories of tv sets . END
factory stocks in recent months have been the highest they have been in three years , while those at retail are below 1959 . END
the total value of our industry's shipments , at factory prices , increased from UNK billion in 1959 to approximately UNK billion as a result of increases in all of the major segments of our business -- home entertainment , military , industrial , and replacement . END
i believe a further gain is in prospect for 1961 . END
reflecting the largest percentage of UNK sets such as consoles and combinations since 1953 , dollar value of home entertainment electronics in 1960 was about UNK billion , compared to UNK billion in 1959 . END
sales of tv sets at retail ran ahead of the like months of 1959 through july ; ; END
set production ( excluding those destined for the export market ) also ran ahead in the early months , but was UNK after the usual vacation UNK in the face of growing evidence that some of the early production plans had been overly optimistic . END
for the year as a whole , retail sales of tv sets probably came to UNK million against UNK million in 1959 ; ; END
however , production came to only UNK million compared to UNK million . END
in contrast to the lower UNK of tv , total radio production increased from UNK million sets to UNK million ( excluding export ) . END
both home and auto radios were in excellent demand , with retail sales of home sets ahead of 1959 in every month of the first eleven ; ; END
sales and production of home sets were about equal at UNK million units . END
auto set production came to about UNK million compared to UNK million in 1959 . END
separate UNK also had a good year , reflecting the growing popularity of stereo sound and the same tendency on the part of the consumer to UNK that characterized the UNK market . END
the outlook for entertainment electronics in 1961 is certainly far from clear at present , but recent surveys have shown a desire on the part of consumers to step up their buying plans for durable goods . END
i would expect that sales at retail in the first half of 1961 might be below 1960 by some 10 - 15% but that UNK levels should show a favorable comparison , with a possibility of quite strong demand late in the year if business conditions recover as some recent forecasts suggest they will . END
i look for tv sales and production to be approximately equal at UNK million sets for the year , but i look for some decline in radios from the high rate in 1961 to more nearly the 1959 level of UNK - UNK million sets . END
i therefore believe it is realistic to assume a modest drop in the total value of home entertainment electronics to about UNK million , slightly below 1960 , but above 1959 . END
1960 witnessed another substantial increase in our industry's shipments of military electronics , which UNK about UNK billion compared to UNK billion in 1959 . END
it is interesting to note that the present level of military electronics procurement is greater than the industry's total sales to all markets in UNK , which were good years for our industry with television enjoying its initial period of rapid consumer acceptance . END
it has been correctly pointed out by well-informed people in the industry that it is probably UNK to expect a continuation of the yearly growth of 15% or better that characterized the decade of the 1950's , and that our military markets may be entering upon a new phase in which procurement of multiple weapons systems will give way to concentration of still undeveloped areas of our defense capability . END
while this may well be true in general , i believe it is also important to keep in mind that some recent developments suggest that over the next year or so military electronics may be one of the most strongly growing areas in an economy which is not expanding rapidly in other directions . END
among the items scheduled for acceleration in the near future are the polaris and UNK programs , strengthening of the airborne alert system of the strategic air command , and improved battlefield surveillance systems . END
research and development expenditures connected with the reconnaissance satellite UNK and the future development of ballistic missile defense systems such as UNK are expected to increase substantially . END
research , development test and evaluation funds , devoted to missiles in 1960 were 3 to 4 times as large as those devoted to aircraft , and actual missile procurement is expected to exceed aircraft procurement by 1963 . END
still later , the realm of space technology will show substantial gains ; ; END
it has been estimated that spending by the national UNK and space administration will rise from less than $500 million in fiscal 1960 to more than $2 billion by UNK , and that the electronic industry's share of these expenditures will be closer to 50% than the current 20% . END
the UNK defense procurement called for in the 1961 budget has already begun to make itself felt in an upturn in orders for military electronic equipment and the components that go into it , and it has been suggested that an additional $2 billion increase in total defense spending may be requested for fiscal 1962 . END
although the impact of these increases on our industry's shipments will be gradual , on balance i look for another good increase in shipments in the coming year , to at least UNK billion . END
paced by the continuing rapid growth of electronic data processing , sales of industrial and commercial electronic equipment UNK UNK billion compared to UNK billion in 1959 . END
the market for computers and other UNK continues to expand at the rate of about 30% annually , reaching some UNK million in 1960 . END
informed estimates look for this market to approximately UNK by the late 1960's , under the stimulus of new applications in the fields of UNK and retailing , industrial process control , and information storage and UNK . END
in the industrial field , prospects for higher expenditures on electronic testing and measuring equipment are also quite bright . END
for the near term , however , it must be realized that the industrial and commercial market is somewhat more sensitive to general business conditions than is the military market , and for this reason i would expect that any gain in 1961 may be somewhat smaller than those of recent years ; ; END
sales should slightly exceed 1960 , however , and reach UNK billion . END
in addition to the three major original equipment segments of the electronics business , the steady growth in the market for replacement parts continues year by year . END
this is now a UNK billion business , up from UNK billion in 1959 , and should reach $1.1 billion in 1961 . END
the markets for electronic parts in 1960 have reflected the changing patterns of the various end equipment segments of the industry . END
demand for parts for home entertainment was strong in the first half , but purchases were cut back to lower levels during the fall as set manufacturers reduced their own operating rates . END
in the military field , incoming orders turned down early in the year , and remained rather slow until late fall when the upturn in procurement of equipment began to make itself felt in rising orders for components . END
sales of UNK in 1960 exceeded $300 million , compared to UNK million in 1959 despite substantial price reductions in virtually all types . END
production UNK about UNK million units against UNK million in 1959 , and i look for a further gain to UNK million units worth approximately UNK million in 1961 . END
sales of passive components , such as UNK and resistors , although not growing as fast as those of UNK were ahead of 1959 this year , and should increase again in 1961 . END
in sum , i look for another good year for the electronics industry in 1961 , with total sales increasing about UNK to UNK billion , despite the uncertainties in the business outlook generally . END
as i have indicated above , i base this feeling on a belief that current weakness in the market for consumer durable goods may continue through the early months of the year , but will give way to a sufficiently strong recovery later on to bring the UNK figures close to those of 1960 ; ; END
on prospects for continued increases in defense spending ; ; END
and on continued growth in the applications of electronics to the complex problems of manufacturing and trade in the expanding but competitive economy of the 1960's . END
the appointment of UNK b. devey as general manager of UNK engineering , inc. , of stamford , connecticut , a leading manufacturer of UNK and UNK controlled UNK electrical controls , has been announced by david b. peck , vice president , special products . END
mr. devey will be responsible for the commercial expansion of UNK line of electronic and electrical power control components as furnished to end equipment manufacturers , working closely with walter j. brown , president and director of engineering of the recently acquired UNK subsidiary . END
mr. brown will at the same time undertake expansion of UNK custom design program for electronic control users with a greatly increased engineering staff . END
mr. UNK new responsibilities are in addition to those of his present post as marketing manager of UNK special products group , which UNK a wide line of digital electronic components , packaged component assemblies , and high temperature UNK wires . END
mr. devey first came to UNK in 1953 as a product specialist in the field engineering department , coming from the office of naval research in washington , d. c. , where he was an electronic scientist engaged in UNK warfare studies . END
during world war 2 , , he was a lieutenant commander in the united states navy . END
mr. devey is a graduate of the massachusetts institute of technology , and attended the united states naval academy UNK school specializing in electronic engineering . END
he was named product manager of the special products division of UNK when it was founded in 1958 , and was later promoted to his present post . END
mr. devey is a member of the institute of radio engineers , and is chairman of the electronic industries association committee on printed and modular components . END
mr. brown , well-known , UNK inventor , prior to founding UNK was at various times section leader in radio research at metropolitan UNK electrical co. , ltd. ; ; END
chief engineer of the radio set division of electric and musical industries , ltd. , the largest electronic equipment manufacturer in great britain ; ; END
director of engineering at UNK of great britain , ltd. , and vice president in charge of production and assistant to the president at the brush development co. , cleveland , ohio . END
he has a bachelor of science from the university of manchester , england . END
mr. brown presently has over 130 patents to his credit dating back to 1923 . END
he is a fellow of the american institute of electrical engineers , and a senior member of the institute of radio engineers . END
he is a member of the institution of electrical engineers , london , a registered professional engineer in connecticut and ohio , and a chartered electrical engineer in great britain . END
the promotion of robert e. swift to the position of assistant manager of the interference control field service department was announced early in december by frederick s. UNK , manager of interference control field service . END
the appointment was made in a move to expand the engineering services offered to the designers of electronic systems through assistance in UNK UNK problems . END
between meetings he helps the president keep track of delegated matters . END
since these duties fit neatly with those of the proposed presidential aide , one person , with adequate staff assistance , could fill both jobs . END
since faculty see themselves as UNK professionals rather than as employees , enthusiasm in a common enterprise is proportionate to the sense of ownership they have in it by virtue of sharing in the decisions that govern its course . END
the faculty believes that broad autonomy is necessary to preserve its freedom in teaching and scholarship . END
the president expects faculty members to remember , in exercising their autonomy , that they share no collective responsibility for the university's income nor are they personally UNK for UNK decisions . END
he may welcome their appropriate participation in the determination of high policy , but he has a right to expect , in return , that they will leave administrative matters to the administration . END
how well do faculty members govern themselves ? ? END
there is little evidence that they are giving any systematic thought to a general theory of the optimum scope and nature of their part in government . END
they sometimes pay more attention to their rights than to their own internal problems of government . END
they , too , need to learn to delegate . END
letting the administration take details off their hands would give them more time to inform themselves about education as a whole , an area that would benefit by more faculty attention . END
although faculties insist on governing themselves , they grant little prestige to a member who actively participates in college or university government . END
there are , nevertheless , several things that the president can do to stimulate participation and to enhance the prestige of those who are willing to exercise their privilege . END
he can , for example , present significant UNK issues to the senate . END
he can encourage quality in faculty committee work in various ways : by seeing to it that the membership of each committee represents the thoughtful as well as the UNK faculty ; ; END
by making certain that no faculty member has too many committee assignments ; ; END
by assuring good liaison between the committees and the administration ; ; END
by UNK the number of committees . END
despite the many avenues for the exchange of ideas between faculty and administration , complaints of a lack of communication persist . END
the cause is as often neglect as UNK to disclose . END
a busy president , UNK with a problem and its UNK and beset by pressures to meet UNK , tends naturally to assume that others must be as familiar with a problem as he is . END
the need for interchange and understanding makes vital the full use of all methods of consultation . END
to increase faculty influence and decrease tension , many presidents have established a standing advisory committee with which they can discuss problems frankly . END
the president has little influence in UNK UNK changes , but if he looks ahead two , three , or five years to anticipate issues and throw out challenging ideas , he can open the way for innovation , and he can also have a great deal to say as to what path it will take . END
success will require tact , sensitivity to faculty UNK , patience , and persistence . END
the critical task for every president and his academic administrative staff is to assure that the college or university continually UNK and UNK itself so that its performance will match changing social demands . END
great professors do not automatically reproduce themselves . END
UNK can form an important bridge between the president and the faculty . END
they serve not only as spokesmen for their areas , but they also contribute to UNK decision making . END
the president who UNK strong men who have an UNK or university point of view and a talent and respect for administration can count on useful assistance . END
faculty members depend on their department chairmen to promote their interests with the administration . END
the administration at the same time , looks to the chairmen for strategic aid in building stronger departments . END
one way that this can be done , other than by hiring new high-priced professors , is by constantly encouraging the department members to raise their standards of performance . END
the quality of a president's leadership is measured first by his success in building up the faculty . END
by supporting the efforts of the many faculty members who are working to attain ever higher standards , the president can encourage faculty leadership . END
indirectly he can best help them by insuring that rigorous criteria for appointment and promotion are clearly set forth and adhered to . END
the academic dean should take a direct , long-term interest in faculty development . END
an alert dean will UNK all through the year on personnel needs , plans for the future , qualifications of those on the job , and bright prospects elsewhere . END
for the maintenance of a long-term program , the departments , and particularly their chairmen , are strategic . END
they evaluate and UNK candidates for appointment and promotion . END
to provide an independent judgment for the president , the academic dean also UNK candidates thoroughly . END
at some colleges and universities , a faculty committee reviews and reports to the administration on the qualifications of candidates . END
some faculty members and many administrators oppose faculty review groups because they either repeat department's actions or act pro UNK . END
they can be effective , however , if their members set high standards for candidates and devote substantial time to the work . END
at one university , the president cites the faculty review committee as `` a valued partner of the administration in guarding and promoting the quality of the faculty '' . END
before the president UNK a candidate to the trustees , the administration collects the views of colleagues in the same field of knowledge on campus and elsewhere . END
the president or dean reads some of his publications to form the UNK possible evaluation of the quality of his mind . END
no good way to evaluate teaching ability has yet been discovered , although some institutions use inventory sheets for a list of criteria . END
to avoid passing over quiet , UNK teachers as well as to decide whether others merit promotion , review of the right of faculty members to promotion or salary increases should be made periodically whether or not they have been recommended for advancement by their departments . END
there are certain aspects of personnel development in which a president must involve himself directly . END
he should personally consider the potential of a faculty member proposed for tenure , to guard against the mistake of making this profoundly serious commitment turn solely upon the man's former achievements . END
no one can be as effective as the president in inspiring older men to welcome imaginative new teachers whose philosophy or approach to their specialties is quite different . END
in particular , the president may have to UNK all his UNK powers to persuade department members to accept an outstanding man above the normal salary scale . END
on those rare occasions when a faculty member on tenure is not meeting the standards of the institution , the president must also bear the ultimate burden of decision and action . END
a true university , like most successful marriages , is a unity of UNK without forcing all components into a single pattern , the preparation of a master plan is an opportunity to consider interrelation of knowledge at its highest level , which a university -- in contrast to a UNK -- should stand for . END
recently colleges and universities have begun to translate their educational philosophy into UNK goals . END
each year a few more institutions are deciding such questions as : shall we require a liberal education built around a UNK core for all undergraduates ? ? END
or shall we permit early specialization in scientific and technological subjects ? ? END
in the first instance , adequate appropriate reading materials and library accommodations must be planned . END
in the second , more shops , laboratories , and staff will be required . END
for the president , a master plan looking ahead five years ( the maximum reach for sound forecasting ) , offers several practical advantages . END
trustees , faculty , and administration can consider the consequences of decisions before they are made , instead of afterwards . END
physical plant and equipment can be efficiently developed . END
proposed new programs can be examined for UNK to goals and for present and future financial fitness . END
more than one president has found that a long-range plan helps him to attract major gifts . END
it UNK confidence in his UNK determination to establish goals and to achieve them . END
before deciding where it is going , however , a college or university must know where it is . END
the first step is a comprehensive self study made by faculty , by outside consultants , or by a combination of the two . END
it should UNK appraise UNK , faculty , organization , buildings , faculty work loads , and potential for growth in stature and size . END
implementation of the master plan will inevitably be uneven . END
some departments will attack their new goals enthusiastically ; ; END
others may drag their feet . END
funds may be readily donated for some purposes but not others . END
a plan must therefore be brought up to date periodically , possibly with the assistance of a permanent planning officer . END
to provide the continuous flow of information basic to administrative decisions , a number of institutions have established offices of institutional research . END
some offices have very broad responsibilities , touching on almost all aspects of a university's UNK program . END
their duties include evaluation of the information collected and preparation of recommendations . END
more often , these offices are restricted to the gathering of empirical data . END
the president's opportunity for UNK education reaches its highest point , as he decides which projects he will cut back , which he will advance by increased allowances or new fund-raising efforts . END
no matter how high the hopes and dreams of educators , budget making UNK them to the cold realities of dollars and cents . END
when the budget goes to trustees for approval it is the president's budget , to which his faith and credit are committed ; ; END
its principal features should be a product of his most considered judgment . END
he cannot , of course , examine each proposal from scratch . END
he reviews and shapes the work of others to mold a single joint product that will best promote the aims of the institution . END
budgeting must be flexible to allow adaptation to the rapid changes in scientific and technological scholarship . END
because scientific instruction and research involve increasingly large sums of money , an institution should choose its fields of prominence . END
otherwise it will be headed for bankruptcy , at worst , and at best towards starvation of other less dramatic but socially and culturally indispensable branches of learning . END
in the national interest even the UNK universities must consider some division of labor among them to replace their present ambitions to keep up with the UNK in all branches . END
supporting activities -- business management , public relations , fund-raising -- offer presidents one of their best chances to buy freedom for attention to education . END
here the reasonable mastery of the elements of administration can do much to free a president for his primary role . END
in the areas that do not relate directly to the educational program , expert subordinates will serve the college or university better than close presidential attention . END
the president should find strong subordinates and delegate the UNK discretion to them . END
higher education cannot compete with the salary scales of the business world , but an educational institution can offer many potent intangible attractions to members of the business community that will offset the differences in income . END
just as the entire faculty should know the president's educational philosophy and objectives , so should UNK officers . END
they will better understand the relationship of their activities to the academic program and they will be able to explain their actions to faculty in terms of mutual goals . END
a president is frequently UNK to serve in UNK civic and governmental capacities , to make speeches to lay groups , and to make numerous UNK appearances on and off campus . END
since he can neither accept nor reject them all , he must be governed by the time and energy available for his prime professional obligations . END
UNK and UNK are better received when he explains why his obligations to his institution preclude his acceptance . END
by sharing the load of important speeches with his colleagues , the president can develop a UNK of able spokesmen who will help to create a public perception of the university as an institution , something more than the UNK shadow of one man . END
it has recently become practical to use the radio emission of the moon and planets as a new source of information about these bodies and their atmospheres . END
the results of present observations of the thermal radio emission of the moon are consistent with the very low thermal conductivity of the surface layer which was derived from the variation in the infrared emission during eclipses ( e.g. , UNK , 1958 ) . END
when sufficiently accurate and complete measurements are available , it will be possible to set limits on the thermal and electrical characteristics of the surface and UNK materials of the moon . END
observations of the radio emission of a planet which has an extensive atmosphere will probe the atmosphere to a greater extent than those using shorter wave lengths and should in some cases give otherwise UNK information about the characteristics of the solid surface . END
radio observations of venus and jupiter have already supplied unexpected experimental data on the physical conditions of these planets . END
the observed intensity of the radio emission of venus is much higher than the expected thermal intensity , although the spectrum indicated by measurements at wave lengths near 3 cm and 10 cm is like that of a black body at about UNK . END
this result suggests a very high temperature at the solid surface of the planet , although there is the possibility that the observed radiation may be a combination of both thermal and UNK components and that the observed spectrum is that of a black body merely by coincidence . END
for the case of jupiter , the radio emission spectrum is definitely not like the spectrum of a black-body radiator , and it seems very likely that the radiation reaching the earth is a combination of thermal radiation from the atmosphere and UNK components . END
of the remaining planets , only mars and UNK have been observed as radio sources , and not very much information is available . END
mars has been observed twice at about UNK wave length , and the intensity of the observed radiation is in reasonable agreement with the thermal radiation which might be predicted on the basis of the known temperature of mars . END
the low intensity of the radiation from UNK has limited observations , but again the measured radiation seems to be consistent with a thermal origin . END
no attempts to measure the radio emission of the remaining planets have been reported , and , because of their distances , small diameters , or low temperatures , the thermal radiation at radio wave lengths reaching the earth from these sources is expected to be of very low intensity . END
in spite of this , the very large radio UNK and improved UNK techniques which are now becoming available should make it possible to observe the radio emission of most of the planets in a few years . END
the study of the radio emission of the moon and planets began with the detection of the thermal radiation of the moon at UNK wave length by UNK and UNK ( 1946 ) . END
this was followed by a comprehensive series of observations of the UNK emission of the moon over three lunar cycles by UNK and UNK ( 1949 ) . END
they deduced from their measurements that the radio emission from the whole disk of the moon varied during a UNK in a roughly UNK fashion ; ; END
that the amplitude of the variation was considerably less than the amplitude of the variation in the infrared emission as measured by UNK and UNK ( 1930 ) and UNK ( 1935 ) ; ; END
and that the maximum of the radio emission came about UNK days after full moon , which is again in contrast to the infrared emission , which reaches its maximum at full moon . END
UNK and UNK explained their observations by pointing out that UNK materials which are likely to make up the surface of the moon would be partially transparent to radio waves , although opaque to infrared radiation . END
the infrared emission could then be assumed to originate at the surface of the moon , while the radio emission UNK at some depth beneath the surface , where the temperature variation due to solar radiation is reduced in amplitude and shifted in phase . END
since the absorption of radio waves in UNK material varies with wave length , it should be possible to sample the temperature variation at different depths beneath the surface and possibly detect changes in the structure or composition of the lunar surface material . END
the radio emission of a planet was first detected in 1955 , when burke and franklin ( 1955 ) identified the origin of UNK radio noise on their records at about 15 meters wave length as emission from jupiter . END
this sporadic type of planetary radiation is discussed by burke ( UNK 13 ) and UNK ( UNK 14 ) . END
steady radiation which was presumably of thermal origin was observed from venus at 3.15 and UNK cm , and from mars and jupiter at 3.15 cm in 1956 ( mayer , UNK , and sloanaker , 1958 , a , b , c ) , and from UNK at UNK cm in 1957 ( UNK and UNK , 1958 ) . END
in the relatively short time since these early observations , venus has been observed at additional wave lengths in the range from 0.8 to UNK cm , and jupiter has been observed over the UNK range from UNK to 68 aj . END
the UNK characteristics of planetary radio radiation are the intensity , the polarization , and the direction of arrival of the waves . END
the maximum angular diameter of any planetary disk as observed from the earth is about 1 minute of arc . END
this is much smaller than the highest resolution of even the very large UNK now under construction , and consequently the radio emission of different regions of the disk cannot be resolved . END
it should be possible , however , to put useful limits on the diameters of the radio sources by observing with large UNK or with UNK . END
measurements of polarization are presently limited by apparatus sensitivity and will remain difficult because of the low intensity of the planetary radiation at the earth . END
there have been few measurements specifically for the determination of the polarization of planetary radiation . END
the measurements made with the UNK UNK reflector , which is UNK , would have shown a systematic change with local hour angle in the measured intensities of venus and jupiter if a substantial part of the radiation had been linearly UNK . END
recent UNK measurements ( UNK and roberts , 1960 ) have shown the UNK emission of jupiter to be partially UNK and to originate in a region of larger diameter than the visible disk . END
other than this very significant result , most of the information now available about the radio emission of the planets is restricted to the intensity of the radiation . END
the concept of apparent black-body temperature is used to describe the radiation received from the moon and the planets . END
the received radiation is compared with the radiation from a hypothetical black body which UNK the same solid angle as the visible disk of the planet . END
the apparent black-body disk temperature is the temperature which must be assumed for the black body in order that the intensity of its radiation should equal that of the observed radiation . END
the use of this concept does not specify the origin of the radiation , and only if the planet really UNK as a black body , will the apparent black-body temperature correspond to the physical temperature of the UNK material . END
the radio radiation of the sun which is reflected from the moon and planets should be negligible compared with their thermal emission at UNK wave lengths , except possibly at times of exceptional outbursts of solar radio noise . END
the UNK level of UNK UNK solar radiation would increase the average disk brightness temperature by less than UNK . END
at meter wave lengths an increase of the order of UNK in the average disk temperatures of the nearer planets would be expected . END
therefore , neglecting the extreme outbursts , reflected solar radiation is not expected to cause sizable errors in the measurements of planetary radiation in the UNK and UNK range . END
radio observations of the moon have been made over the range of wave lengths from UNK mm to 75 cm , and the results are summarized in table 1 . END
observations have also been made at 1.5 mm using optical techniques ( UNK , 1955 , 1956 , ; ; END
see also UNK 11 ) . END
not all the observers have used the same procedures or made the same assumptions about the lunar brightness distribution when reducing the data , and this , together with differences in the methods of UNK the UNK and receivers , must account for much of the disagreement in the measured radio brightness temperatures . END
in the observations at UNK mm ( UNK , 1959 ) , the diameter of the antenna beam , UNK , was small enough to allow resolution of some of the larger features of the lunar surface , and contour diagrams have been made of the lunar brightness distribution at three lunar phases . END
these observations indicate that the lunar maria heat up more rapidly and also cool off more rapidly than do the mountainous regions . END
mare UNK seems to be an exception and remains cooler than the regions which surround it . END
these contour diagrams also suggest a rather rapid UNK in the radio brightness with latitude . END
very recently , observations have been made at UNK wave length with a reflector 22 meters in diameter with a resultant beam width of only about UNK ( UNK , UNK , and UNK , 1960 ) . END
the UNK contours are much UNK than those observed at UNK mm by UNK ( 1959 ) and apparently the emission at 8 mm is not nearly so sensitive to differences in surface features . END
such UNK observations as these are needed at several wave lengths in order that the radio emission of the moon can be properly interpreted . END
the observations of mayer , UNK , and sloanaker at 3.15 cm and of sloanaker at UNK cm have not previously been published and will be briefly described . END
measurements at 3.15 cm were obtained on 11 days spread over the interval may 3 to june 19 , 1956 , using the UNK reflector at the u. s. naval research laboratory in washington . END
the UNK diameter of the antenna beam was about UNK , and the angle UNK by the moon included the entire main beam and part of the first side lobes . END
the antenna patterns and the power gain at the peak of the beam were both measured ( mayer , UNK , and sloanaker , 1958 ) , so that the absolute power sensitivity of the antenna beam over the solid angle of the moon was known . END
the ratio of the measured antenna temperature change during a drift scan across the moon to the average brightness temperature of the moon over the antenna beam ( assuming that the brightness temperature of the sky is negligible ) was found , by UNK integration of the antenna UNK diagram , to be UNK . END
the measured brightness temperature is a good approximation to the brightness temperature at the center of the lunar disk because of the narrow antenna beam and because the temperature distribution over the central portion of the UNK disk is nearly uniform . END
the result of the observations is af where the phase angle , q , is measured in degrees from new moon and the probable errors include absolute as well as relative errors . END
this result is plotted along with the UNK observations of gibson ( 1958 ) in figure 1 , a . END
the variation in the UNK emission of the moon during a UNK is very much less than the variation in the UNK emission , as would be expected from the explanation of UNK and UNK ( 1949 ) . END
in the discussion which follows , the time average of the radio emission will be referred to as the constant component , and the superimposed periodic variation will be called the variable component . END
the UNK observation of sloanaker was made on may 20 , 1958 , using the UNK reflector at the maryland point UNK of the u. s. naval research laboratory . END
the age of the moon was about 2 days . END
the UNK diameter of the main UNK of the antenna was about UNK , and the brightness temperature was reduced by assuming a UNK shape for the antenna beam and a uniformly bright disk for the moon . END
experiments were made on an electric arc applying a porous graphite anode cooled by a transpiring gas ( argon ) . END
thus , the energy transferred from the arc to the anode was partly fed back into the arc . END
it was shown that by proper anode design the net energy loss of the arc to the anode could be reduced to approximately 15% of the total arc energy . END
a detailed energy balance of the anode was established . END
the anode UNK could be reduced to a negligible amount . END
the dependence of the arc voltage upon the mass flow velocity of the UNK gas was investigated for various arc lengths and currents between 100 UNK and 200 aj . END
qualitative observations were made and high-speed motion pictures were taken to study flow phenomena in the arc at various mass flow velocities . END
the high heat fluxes existing at the electrode surfaces of electric arcs necessitate extensive cooling to prevent electrode UNK . END
the cooling requirements are particularly severe at the anode . END
in UNK electric arcs , for instance , approximately 90% of the total arc power is transferred to the anode giving rise to local heat fluxes in excess of af as measured by the authors -- the exact value depending on the arc atmosphere . END
in plasma generators as currently commercially available for industrial use or as high temperature research tools often more than 50% of the total energy input is being transferred to the cooling medium of the anode . END
the higher heat transfer rates at the anode compared with those at the cathode can be explained by the physical phenomena occurring in free burning arcs . END
in plasma generators the superimposed forced UNK may modify the picture somewhat . END
the heat transfer to the anode is due to the following effects : 1 . END
heat of condensation ( work function ) plus kinetic energy of the electrons impinging on the anode . END
this energy transfer depends on the current , the temperature in the arc column , the anode material , and the conditions in the anode sheath . END
heat transfer by molecular UNK as well as by radiation from the arc column . END
the heat transfer to the anode in free burning arcs is enhanced by a hot gas jet flowing from the cathode towards the anode with velocities up af . END
this phenomenon has been experimentally investigated in detail by UNK ( ref. 1 ) . END
the pressure gradient producing the jet is due to the nature of the magnetic field in the arc ( rapid decrease of current density from cathode to the anode ) . END
hence , the flow conditions at the anode of free burning arcs resemble those near a UNK point . END
it is apparent from the above and from experimental evidence that the cooling requirements for the anode of free burning arcs are large compared with those for the cathode . END
the gas flow through a plasma generator will modify these conditions ; ; END
however , the anode is still the part receiving the largest heat flux . END
an attempt to improve the life of the UNK or the efficiency of the plasma generators must , therefore , aim at a reduction of the anode loss . END
the following possibilities exist for achieving this : 1 . END
the use of high voltages and low currents by proper design to reduce electron heat transfer to the anode for a given power output . END
continuous motion of the arc contact area at the anode by flow or magnetic forces . END
feedback of the energy transferred to the anode by applying gas transpiration through the anode . END
the third method was , to our knowledge , successfully applied for the first time by c. sheer and UNK ( ref. 2 ) . END
the purpose of the present study is to study the thermal conditions and to establish an energy balance for a transpiration cooled anode as well as the effect of blowing on the arc voltage . END
gas injection through a porous anode ( transpiration cooling ) not only feeds back the energy transferred to the anode by the above mentioned processes , but also UNK the conditions in the arc itself . END
a detailed study of this latter phenomenon was not attempted in this paper . END
argon was used as a blowing gas to exclude any effects of dissociation or chemical reaction . END
the anode material was porous graphite . END
UNK porous metals should be usable in principle . END
however , technical difficulties arise by melting at local hot spots . END
the experimental arrangement as described below is based on the geometry of free burning arcs . END
thus , direct comparisons can be drawn with free burning arcs which have been studied in detail during the past years and decades by numerous investigators ( ref. 3 ) . END
figures 1 to 3 show photographic and UNK views of the test stand and of two different models of the anode holder . END
the cathode consisted of a 1/4'' '' diameter UNK tungsten rod attached to a water cooled copper tube . END
this tube could be adjusted in its UNK direction by an electric drive to establish the required electrode spacing . END
the anode in figure 2 was mounted by means of the anode holder which was attached to a steel plug and disk . END
the transpiring gas UNK from the anode formed a jet directed UNK towards the cathode below . END
UNK of air from the surrounding atmosphere was prevented by the two disks shown in figure 2 . END
argon was also blown at low velocities ( mass flow rate af ) through a tube UNK with the cathode as an additional precaution against contamination of the arc by air . END
the anode consisted of a 1/2 inch diameter porous graphite plug , 1/4 inch long . END
the graphite was national carbon UNK 60 , which has a UNK of 50% and an average UNK size of 30 . END
this small UNK size was required to ensure uniformity of the flow leaving the anode . END
the anode plug ( figure 2 ) was inserted into a carbon anode holder . END
a shielded UNK was used to measure the upstream temperature of the transpiring gas . END
it was exposed to a high velocity gas jet . END
a plug and a tube with holes in its cylindrical walls divided the chamber above the porous plug into two parts . END
this arrangement had the purpose to prevent heated gas to reach the UNK by natural UNK . END
two UNK shown in figure 1 and 2 ( UNK instrument co. model 95 ) served for simultaneous measurement of the anode surface temperature and the temperature distribution along the anode holder . END
three UNK were placed at different locations in the aluminum disk surrounding the anode holder to determine its temperature . END
another anode holder used in the experiments is shown in figure 3 . END
in this design the anode holder is water cooled and the heat losses by UNK from the anode were determined by measuring the temperature rise of the coolant . END
to reduce heat transfer from the hot gas to this anode holder outside the regime of the arc , a carbon shield was attached to the surface providing an air gap of UNK inch between the plate and the surface of the anode holder . END
in addition , the inner surface of the carbon shield was covered with aluminum foil to reduce radiation . END
temperatures of the shield and of the surface of the UNK anode holder were measured by UNK to account for heat received by the coolant but not UNK from the anode plug . END
the argon flow from commercial bottles was regulated by a pressure UNK and measured with a gas flow UNK . END
the power source was a commercial d. c. UNK . END
at 100 UNK the 360 cycle ripple was less than 0.5 v ( peak to peak ) with a UNK load . END
the current was regulated by means of a variable UNK and measured with a 50 UNK UNK and UNK . END
the arc voltage was measured with a UNK whose terminals were connected to the anode and cathode holders . END
because of the falling characteristic of the UNK , no UNK UNK was required for stability of operation . END
a high frequency UNK was used to start the arc . END
experimental procedure and error analysis END
transpiration cooled anode with carbon anode holder END
the anode holder shown in figure 2 was designed with two goals in mind . END
the heat losses of the holder were to be reduced as far as possible and they should be such that an accurate heat balance can be made . END
in order to reduce the number of variable parameters , all experiments were made with a constant arc length of UNK '' and a current of 100 aj . END
the argon flow through the porous anode was varied systematically between af and af . END
the lower limit was determined by the fact that for smaller flow rates the arc started to strike to the anode holder instead of to the porous graphite plug and that it became highly unstable . END
the upper limit was determined by the difficulty of measuring the characteristic anode surface temperature ( see below ) since only a small region of the anode was struck by the arc . END
this region which had a higher temperature than the rest of the anode surface changed size and location continuously . END
for each mass flow rate the arc voltage was measured . END
to measure the surface temperature of the anode plug , the surface was scanned with a UNK . END
as it turned out , a very hot region occurred on the plug . END
its temperature was denoted by af . END
the size of this hot region was estimated by eye . END
the rest of the surface had a temperature which decreased towards the outer diameter of the plug . END
the mean temperature of this region was approximated by the temperature measured UNK between the edge of the hot spot and the rim of the plug . END
it was denoted by af . END
the mean temperature of the surface was then computed according to the following relation : af where x is the fraction of the plug area covered by the hot spot . END
assuming thermal equilibrium between the anode surface and the transpiring argon , the gas UNK rise through the anode was calculated according to the relation af whereby the specific heat of argon was taken as af . END
this calculation results in an UNK rise which is somewhat high because it assumes a mass flow equally distributed over the plug cross section whereas in reality the mass velocity is expected to be smaller in the regions of higher temperatures . END
the upstream gas temperature measured with the UNK shown in figure 2 was af . END
the af values are listed in table 1 together with the measured surface temperatures and arc voltages . END
simultaneously with the anode surface temperature and voltage measurements UNK readings were taken along the cylindrical surface of the carbon anode holder as indicated on figure 2 . END
some of these temperatures are plotted in figure 4 . END
they showed no marked dependence on the flow rate within the accuracy of these measurements . END
thus , the UNK line shown in figure 4 was taken as typical for the temperature distribution for all blowing rates . END
the UNK in the aluminum disk shown in figure 2 indicated an equilibrium temperature of the surface of af . END
this temperature was taken as environmental temperature to which the anode holder was exposed as far as radiation is concerned . END
it is sufficiently small compared with the surface temperature of the anode holder , to make the energy flux radiated from the environment toward the anode holder negligible within the accuracy of the present measurements . END
the reflection of radiation UNK from the anode holder and reflected back to it by the surrounding metal surfaces should also be small because of the peculiar characteristic of the metal surfaces and of the specific geometry . END
the total heat loss through the anode holder included also the heat conducted through the base of the cylindrical piece into the adjacent metal parts . END
it was calculated from the temperature gradient af at af inch as af . END
the total heat flux from the porous plug into the plug holder is thereby af . END
the temperature distribution of figure 4 gives af for all blowing rates , assuming af . END
the temperature dependent value of UNK was taken from ref. 7 . END
the radiation loss from the anode surface was computed according to af where af is the mean of the fourth powers of the temperatures af and af calculated UNK to equation ( 1 ) . END
a band UNK is shown in figure 2 . END
it consists of two blocks with flat surfaces held apart by UNK . END
there is a small well in the top in which the fluid or paste to be tested is placed . END
a tape of cellulose acetate is pulled between the blocks and the tape pulls the fluid or paste with it between the parallel faces of the blocks . END
in normal use weights are hung on the end of the tape and allowed to pull the tape and the material to be tested between the blocks . END
after it has reached terminal velocity , the time for the tape to travel a known distance is recorded . END
by the use of various weights , data for a UNK of shear graph can be obtained . END
the instrument used for this work was a slight modification of that previously described . END
in this test a af tape was pulled between the blocks with a motor and pulley at a rate of af with a clearance of UNK '' on each side of the tape . END
this gives a rate of shear of af . END
this , however , can only be considered approximate , as the diameter of the pulley was increased by the build-up of tape and the tape was occasionally removed from the pulley during the runs . END
the face of one block contained a hole UNK '' in diameter which led to a manometer for the measurement of the normal pressure . END
although there were only four fluids tested , it was apparent that there were two distinct types . END
two of the fluids showed a UNK normal pressure when undergoing shear , and two showed small negative pressures which were negligible in comparison with the amount of the positive pressures generated by the other two . END
figure 3 shows the data on a UNK fluid , labeled UNK UNK which gave a high positive normal pressure . END
although the tape was run for over 1 hr. , a steady state was not reached , and it was concluded that the reason for this was that the back pressure of the manometer was built up from the material fed from between the blocks and this was available at a very slow rate . END
a system had to be used which did not depend upon the feeding of the fluid into the manometer if measurements of the normal pressure were to be made in a reasonable time . END
a back pressure was then introduced , and the rise or fall of the material in the manometer indicated which was greater , the normal pressure in the block or the back pressure . END
by this method it was determined that the normal pressure exerted by a sample of UNK ( molecular weight reported to be UNK ) was over half an atmosphere . END
the actual pressure was not determined because the pressure was beyond the upper limit of the apparatus on hand . END
the two fluids which gave the small negative pressures were UNK with molecular weights which were stated to be UNK and 300 . END
these are fluids which one would expect to be less viscoelastic or more UNK because of their lower molecular weight . END
the maximum UNK was UNK '' of test fluid measured from the top of the block , and steady states were apparently reached with these fluids . END
it is presumed that this negative head was associated with some geometric factor of the assembly , since different readings were obtained with the same fluid and the only apparent difference was the assembly and UNK of the apparatus . END
this negative pressure is not explained by the velocity head af since this is not sufficient to explain the readings by several UNK . END
these experiments can be considered UNK only . END
however , they do demonstrate the presence of large normal pressures in the presence of flat shear fields which were forecast by the theory in the first part of the paper . END
they also give information which will aid in the design of a more satisfactory instrument for the measurement of the normal pressures . END
such an instrument would be useful for the characterization of many commercial materials as well as theoretical studies . END
the elasticity is a parameter of fluids which is not subject to simple measurement at present , and it is a parameter which is probably varying in an unknown manner with many commercial materials . END
such an instrument is expected to be especially useful if it could be used to measure the elasticity of heavy UNK such as printing UNK , paints , UNK , UNK plastics , and bread dough , for the elasticity is related to those various properties termed `` length '' , `` UNK '' , `` UNK '' , etc. , which are usually judged by subjective methods at present . END
the actual change af caused by a shear field is calculated by multiplying the pressure differential times the volume , just as it is for any gravitational or UNK pressure head . END
if the volume is the UNK volume , then af is obtained on a UNK basis which is the customary terminology of the chemists . END
although the af calculation is obvious by analogy with that for gravitational field and UNK pressure , it is interesting to confirm it by a method which can be generalized to include related effects . END
consider a shear field with a height of h and a cross-sectional area of a opposed by a manometer with a height of h ( referred to the same base as h ) and a cross-sectional area of a . END
if af is the change per unit volume in gibbs function caused by the shear field at constant p and t , and UNK is the density of the fluid , then the total potential energy of the system above the reference height is af . END
af is the work necessary to fill the manometer column from the reference height to h . END
the total volume of the system above the reference height is af , and h can be eliminated to obtain an equation for the total potential energy of the system in terms of h . END
the minimum total potential energy is found by taking the UNK with respect to h and UNK to zero . END
this gives af , which is the pressure . END
this is interesting for it combines both the UNK concept of a minimum gibbs function for equilibrium and minimum mechanical potential energy for equilibrium . END
this method can be extended to include the concentration differences caused by shear fields . END
the relation between UNK pressure and the gibbs function may also be developed in an analogous way . END
in the above development we have applied the UNK of equilibrium ( referred to by some as UNK ) to the steady state . END
this can be justified UNK in this case , and this will be done in a separate paper which is being prepared . END
this has an interesting analogy with the assumption stated by UNK that `` the UNK mechanics of elastic solids can be applied to flowing solutions '' . END
there is one exception to the above statement as has been pointed out , and that is that fluids can relax by flowing into fields of lower rates of shear , so the statement should be modified by stating that the mechanics are similar . END
if the mechanics are similar , we can also UNK that the UNK will also be similar . END
the concept of the strain energy as a gibbs function difference af and UNK a force normal to the shearing face is compatible with the information obtained from optical UNK studies of fluids undergoing shear . END
essentially these UNK studies show that at low rates of shear a tension is present at UNK to the direction of shear , and as the rate of shear increases , the direction of the maximum tension moves UNK toward the direction of shear . END
according to UNK , the UNK shear s is given by af where **yc is the angle of UNK . END
from this and the force of deformation it should be possible to calculate the elastic energy of deformation which should be equal to the af calculated from the pressure normal to the shearing face . END
there is another means which should show the direction and relative value of the stresses in viscoelastic fluids that is not mentioned as such in the literature , and that is the shape of the suspended drops of low viscosity fluids in shear fields . END
these UNK are distorted by the normal forces just as a balloon would be pulled or pressed out of shape in one's hands . END
these UNK appear to be ellipsoids , and it is mathematically convenient to assume that they are . END
if they are not ellipsoids , the conclusions will be a reasonable approximation . END
the direction of the tension of minimum pressure is , of course , given by the direction of the major axis of the ellipsoids . END
mason and taylor both show that the major axis of the ellipsoids is at UNK at low rates of shear and that it approaches the direction of shear with increased rates of shear . END
( some UNK break up before they are near to the direction of shear , and some become UNK to it without UNK . END
) this is , of course , a similar type of behavior to that indicated by UNK studies . END
the relative forces can be calculated from the various radii of curvature if we assume : ( a ) the surface tension is uniform on the surface of the drop . END
( b ) that because of the low viscosity of the fluid , the internal pressure is the same in all directions . END
( c ) the kinetic effects are negligible . END
( d ) since the shape of the drop conforms to the force field , it does not appreciably affect the distribution of forces in the fluid . END
these are reasonable assumptions with low viscosity fluids suspended in high viscosity fluids which are subjected to low rates of shear . END
just as the pressure exerted by surface tension in a spherical drop is af and the pressure exerted by surface tension on a cylindrical shape is af , the pressure exerted by any curved surface is af , where UNK is the interfacial tension and af and af are the two radii of curvature . END
this formula is given by UNK and mason . END
if a is the major axis of an UNK and b and c are the other two axes , the radius of curvature in the UNK plane at the end of the axis af , and the difference in pressure along the a and b axes is af . END
there are no data published in the literature on the shape of low viscosity drops to confirm the above formulas . END
however , there are photographs of suspended drops of UNK UNK ( viscosity UNK UNK ) suspended in corn syrup of 71 UNK in a paper by mason and UNK . END
this viscosity of the material in the drops is , of course , not negligible . END
measurements on the photograph in this paper give af at the maximum rate of shear of af . END
if it is assumed that the formula given by lodge of UNK af applies , the pressure difference along the major axes can be calculated from the angle of inclination of the major axis , and from this the interfacial tension can be calculated . END
its value was af from the above data . END
this appears to be high , as would be expected from the appreciable viscosity of the material in the drops . END
it is appropriate to call attention to certain UNK properties of an ideal gas that are analogous to UNK deformation . END
the internal energy of an ideal gas depends on temperature only and is independent of pressure or volume . END
in other words , if an ideal gas is compressed and kept at constant temperature , the work done in UNK it is completely converted into heat and transferred to the surrounding heat sink . END
this means that work equals q which in turn equals af . END
there is a well-known relationship between probability and entropy which states that af , where UNK is the probability that state ( i.e. , volume for an ideal gas ) could be reached by chance alone . END
this is known as UNK entropy . END
this UNK entropy is , in this case , equal to the usual entropy , for there are no other changes or other energies involved . END
note that though the ideal gas itself contains no additional energy , the compressed gas does exert an increased pressure . END
the energy for any UNK work done by the perfect gas must come as thermal energy from its surroundings . END
a UNK magnetic resonance study of UNK af as a function of magnetic field and temperature is presented . END
af is paramagnetic , and electron paramagnetic dipole as well as nuclear dipole effects lead to line broadening . END
the lines are UNK and over the range of field af UNK and temperature af the UNK increases with increasing af and decreasing t . END
an UNK resonance shift of af to lower applied fields indicates a weak UNK UNK contact interaction . END
the general theory of resonance shifts is used to derive a general expression for the second moment af of a UNK paramagnetic sample and is specialized to af . END
the theory UNK a linear dependence of af on af , where j is the experimentally determined UNK constant . END
the experimental second moment af conforms to the relation af in agreement with theory . END
hence , the electron paramagnetic effects ( slope ) can be separated from the nuclear effects ( intercept ) . END
the paramagnetic dipole effects provide some information on the particle shapes . END
the nuclear dipole effects provide some information on the motions of the hydrogen nuclei , but the symmetry of the af bond in af remains in doubt . END
the magnetic moment of an unpaired electron associated nearby may have a tremendous influence on the magnetic resonance properties of nuclei . END
it is important to consider and experimentally verify this influence since quantitative nuclear resonance is becoming increasingly used in investigations of structure . END
af appeared to be well suited for the study of these matters , since it is a normal UNK , with three unpaired electrons on the chromium , its crystal structure is very simple , and the unknown position of the hydrogen in the strong af bond provides structural interest . END
we first discuss the af bond in af . END
we then outline the theory of the interaction of paramagnetic UNK with nuclei and show that the theory is in excellent agreement with experiment . END
indeed it is possible to separate electron paramagnetic from nuclear effects . END
the information provided by the electron paramagnetic effects is then discussed , and finally the nuclear effects are interpreted in terms of various UNK models of the af bond in af . END
theoretical studies of the hydrogen bond generally agree that the af bond will be linear in the absence of peculiarities of packing in the solid . END
moreover , it will be UNK until a certain critical af distance is reached , below which it will become symmetric . END
there is ample evidence from many sources that the af bond in af is symmetric . END
the af distance in af is UNK aj . END
there is evidence , though less convincing than for af , that the af bond in nickel UNK is symmetric . END
here the af distance is UNK aj . END
a number of UNK estimates by various workers lead to the conclusion that the af bond becomes symmetric when the af bond length is about UNK to 2.5 a , but aside from the possible example of nickel UNK there have been no convincing reports of symmetric af bonds . END
douglass has studied the crystal structure of af by x-ray diffraction . END
he finds the structure contains an af bond with the af distance of af . END
there is , then , the possibility that this af bond is symmetric , although douglass was unable to determine its symmetry from his x-ray data . END
douglass found af to be UNK , UNK symmetry af , with af , af . END
x-ray and experimental density showed one formula unit in the unit cell , corresponding to a paramagnetic ion density of af . END
the x-ray data did not permit douglass to determine uniquely the space group , but a negative test for UNK led him to assume a center of symmetry . END
under this assumption the space group must be af and the following are the positions of the atoms in the unit cell . END
this space group requires the hydrogen bond to be symmetric . END
douglass found powder intensity calculations and measurements to agree best for af . END
these data lead to a structure in which sheets of UNK atoms lie between two sheets of o atoms . END
the o atoms in each sheet are close packed and each UNK atom is surrounded by a distorted UNK of o atoms . END
the af layers are stacked normal to the ( 111 ) axis with the lower UNK of one layer directly above the upper UNK of the neighboring lower layer , in such a manner that the repeat is every three layers . END
the separate layers are joined together by hydrogen bonds . END
a drawing of the structure is to be found in reference 6 . END
the gross details of the structure appear reasonable . END
the structure appears to be unique among UNK compounds , but is the same as that assumed by af . END
the bond angles and distances are all within the expected limits and the volume per oxygen is about normal . END
however , the possible absence of a center of symmetry not only moves the hydrogen atom off af , but also allows the oxygen atoms to become UNK , with af at af and af at af ( space group af ) , where af represents the UNK on one side of the af layers and af those on the other side . END
however , any oxygen UNK would shorten either the already extremely short af UNK distance of UNK a or the UNK af UNK UNK which are already quite short at UNK aj . END
hence it is difficult to conceive of a packing of the atoms in this material in which the oxygen atoms are far from UNK equivalence . END
the only effect of lack of a center would then be to release the hydrogen atoms to occupy general , rather than special , positions along the ( 111 ) axis . END
if the af bond is linear then there are three reasonable positions for the hydrogen atoms : ( 1 ) the hydrogen atoms are centered and hence all lie on a sheet midway between the oxygen sheets ; ; END
( 2 ) all hydrogen atoms lie on a sheet , but the sheet is closer to one oxygen sheet than to the other ; ; END
( 3 ) hydrogen atoms are UNK placed , either UNK or in an ordered way , so that some hydrogen atoms are closer to the upper oxygen atoms while others are closer to the lower oxygen atoms . END
position ( 2 ) appears to us to be unlikely in view of the absence of a UNK effect and on general chemical structural grounds . END
a UNK of `` UNK '' and `` downs '' is more likely than ordered `` UNK '' and `` downs '' in position ( 3 ) since the hydrogen atoms are well separated and so the position of one could hardly affect the position of another , and also since ordered `` up '' and `` down '' implies a larger unit cell , for which no evidence exists . END
therefore , the only unknown structural feature would appear to be whether the hydrogen atoms are located UNK ( 1 ) or UNK ( 3 ) . END
douglass prepared his sample of af by thermal decomposition of aqueous UNK acid at 300 - UNK . END
dr. douglass was kind enough to lend us about 5 grams of his material . END
this material proved to be unsatisfactory , since we could not obtain reproducible results on various portions of the sample . END
subsequently , we learned from douglass that his sample contained a few percent af UNK . END
since af is UNK , we felt that any results obtained from the UNK UNK af would be suspect . END
plane suggested another preparation of af which we used here . END
500 ml of UNK aqueous af with 1 af added are heated in a bomb at UNK for 48 hours . END
a very fine , gray solid ( about 15 g ) is formed , UNK by UNK , and dried at UNK ) . END
differential thermal analysis showed a very small UNK reaction at UNK and a large UNK reaction at UNK . END
this latter reaction is in accord with the reported decomposition of af . END
UNK analysis showed a weight loss of UNK centered at UNK and another weight loss of UNK at UNK . END
the expected weight loss for af going to af and af is UNK . END
mass UNK analysis of gases evolved upon heating to UNK indicated nitrogen UNK and water vapor . END
the small reaction occurring at UNK is probably caused by decomposition of occluded UNK , and perhaps by a small amount of some UNK material other than af . END
all subsequent measurements were made on material which had been heated to UNK for one hour . END
emission spectra indicated af calcium and all other impurities much lower . END
chromium analysis gave UNK UNK as compared with UNK theory . END
however , af UNK water from the atmosphere and this may account for the low chromium analysis and high total weight loss . END
the x-ray diffraction pattern of the material , taken with UNK radiation , indicated the presence of no extra lines and was in good agreement with the pattern of douglass . END
magnetic analyses by r. g. UNK of this laboratory indicated no UNK impurities . END
af was found to be paramagnetic with three unpaired electrons per chromium atom and a molecular UNK of af , where af . END
for exactly three unpaired electrons the UNK would be UNK . END
an infrared spectrum , obtained by h. a. UNK and r. g. UNK of this laboratory , showed bands in the positions found by jones . END
electron microscopic examination of the af sample showed it to be composed of nearly UNK particles about UNK in diameter . END
the particles appeared rough and undoubtedly the UNK UNK are smaller than this . END
the x-ray data are consistent with particle sizes of 1000 a or greater . END
we found no obvious effects due to preferred orientation of the UNK in this sample nor would we expect to on the basis of the shape found from electron microscopic examination . END
nuclear magnetic resonance ( UNK ) measurements END
the magnetic resonance absorption was detected by employing a UNK model af broad line UNK and the associated UNK UNK system . END
one measurement at 40 UNK was obtained with the UNK model af unit . END
a UNK type of bridge was used in the 10 - 16 UNK range . END
the UNK power level was maintained small enough at all times to prevent obvious line shape UNK by saturation effects . END
a modulation frequency of 40 UNK with an amplitude as small as possible , commensurate with reasonably good UNK quality , was used . END
background spectra were obtained in all cases . END
the UNK was adjusted to minimize the amount of UNK mode mixed in with the absorption signal . END
a single value of the thermal relaxation time af at room temperature was measured by the progressive saturation method . END
the value of af estimated at UNK UNK was af microseconds . END
a single measurement of the spin - spin relaxation time af was obtained at 10 UNK by pulse methods . END
this measurement was obtained by w. UNK of the university of california , UNK , by observing the breadth of the free induction decay signal . END
the value derived was 16 microseconds . END
field shifts were derived from the mean value of the resonance line , defined as the field about which the first moment is zero . END
second moments of the spectra were computed by numerical integration . END
UNK were applied for modulation broadening , apparatus background , and field shift . END
spectra were obtained over the temperature range of 77 - UNK . END
for the UNK measurements the sample was cooled by a cold nitrogen gas flow method similar to that of andrew and UNK . END
the temperature was maintained to within about af for the period of time required to make the measurement ( usually about one hour ) . END
one sample , which had been exposed to the atmosphere after evacuation at UNK , showed the presence of UNK water ( about UNK UNK ) ) as evidenced by a weak resonance line which was very narrow at room temperature and which disappeared , due to broadening , at low temperature . END
the data reported here are either from spectra from which the UNK water resonance could easily be eliminated or from spectra of samples UNK and sealed off at UNK which contain no UNK water . END
the measured powder density of the af used here was about af , approximately one-third that of the crystal density ( af ) . END
such a density corresponds to a paramagnetic ion density of about af . END
spectra were obtained from a powdered sample having the shape of a right circular cylinder with a UNK ratio of 4 : : END
the top of the sample was nearly flat and the bottom UNK . END
spectra were also obtained from a sample in a spherical container which was made by blowing a bubble on the end of a capillary glass tube . END
the bubble was filled to the top and special precautions were taken to prevent any sample from remaining in the capillary . END
spectra were also obtained from a third sample of af which had been diluted to three times its original volume with powdered , UNK UNK ( af ) . END
this sample was contained in a cylindrical container similar to that described above . END
polyphosphates gave renewed life to soap products at a time when UNK were a threat though expensive , and these same polyphosphates spelled the decline of soap usage when the UNK between polyphosphates and synthetic detergent actives was recognized and exploited . END
the market today for detergent builders is quite diverse . END
the best known field of application for builders is in UNK , UNK detergent formulations for household use . END
these widely advertised products , which are used primarily for washing clothes , are based on UNK , synthetic organic actives ( sodium UNK ) and contain up to 50% by weight of sodium UNK or a mixture of sodium UNK and UNK UNK . END
in the household market , there are also UNK detergent formulations based on UNK actives with about the same amount of phosphate builder ; ; END
UNK synthetic detergents with much less builder ; ; END
and the dwindling UNK powders as well as soap flakes and UNK , none of which are now nationally advertised . END
a UNK UNK which has achieved success only recently is the built liquid detergent , with which the major problem today is UNK of builder and active into a small volume using a sufficiently high UNK ratio . END
hard-surface cleaning in household application is represented by two classes of UNK products : ( 1 ) the formulations made UNK for machine UNK , and ( 2 ) the UNK cleaners used for walls and woodwork . END
the better quality products in both of these lines contain phosphate builders . END
in addition , many of the hard-surface cleaners used for walls and woodwork had their genesis in UNK UNK , which is still the major ingredient of a number of such products . END
many scouring powders now also contain UNK . END
these hard-surface cleaners are discussed in chapter 28 . END
cleaning or detergent action is entirely a matter of surfaces . END
wet cleaning involves an aqueous medium , a solid substrate , soil to be removed , and the detergent or surface-active material . END
an oversimplified differentiation between UNK and hard-surface cleaning lies in the magnitude and kind of surface involved . END
one gram of cotton has been found to have a specific surface area of af . END
in contrast , a metal UNK af in size would have a magnitude from 100,000 to a million less . END
even here there is room for some variation , for metal surfaces vary in smoothness , UNK capacity , and chemical reactivity . END
spring used a brush UNK in a UNK study and showed considerable differences in soil removal , depending upon surface UNK . END
there are considerable differences between the requirements for textile and hard-surface cleaning . END
exclusive of UNK values , such as UNK or UNK level , perfume content , etc. , the requirements for the organic active used in washing textiles are high . END
no matter how they are formulated , a large number of organic actives are simply not suitable for this application , since they do not give adequate soil removal . END
this is best demonstrated by practical washing tests in which cloth articles are repeatedly washed with the same detergent formulation . END
a good formulation will keep the clothes clean and white after many UNK ; ; END
whereas , with a poor formulation , the clothes exhibit a build-up of `` UNK grey '' and dirty spots -- sometimes with bad results even after the first wash . END
since practical washing procedures are both lengthy and expensive , a number of laboratory tests have been developed for the numerical evaluation of detergents . END
harris has indicated that two devices , the UNK and UNK are most widely used for rapid detergent testing , and he has listed the commercially available standard soiled fabrics . END
also given are several laboratory wash procedures in general use . END
the soiled fabrics used for rapid testing of detergent formulations are made in such a way that only part of the soil is removed by even the best detergent formulation in a single wash . END
in this way , numerical values for the relative efficacy of various detergent formulations can be obtained by measuring the UNK ( UNK ) of the cloth UNK before and after washing . END
soil UNK is evaluated by washing clean UNK with the dirty ones . END
as is the case with the surface-active agent , the requirements for builders to be used in detergent compositions for washing textiles are also high . END
large numbers of potential builders have been investigated , but none have been found to be as effective as the polyphosphates over the relatively wide range of conditions met in practice . END
the problems of hard-surface cleaning are not nearly as complex . END
in hard-surface cleaning , the inorganic salts are more important than the organic active . END
indeed , when the proper inorganic constituents are employed , practically any wetting or surface-active agent will do a reasonably good job when present in sufficient amount in a hard-surface cleaning formulation . END
UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , and UNK are important inorganic ingredients of hard-surface cleaners . END
in addition , the polyphosphates are also used , probably acting more as UNK agents than anything else . END
the importance of the inorganic constituents in hard-surface cleaning has been emphasized in a number of papers . END
although there is no question but that the process of washing fabrics involves a number of phenomena which are related together in an extremely complicated way and that these phenomena and their interrelations are not well understood at the present , this section attempts to present briefly an UNK picture of the physical chemistry of washing either fabrics or hard surfaces . END
the purpose of washing is , obviously , to remove soils which are arbitrarily UNK in the four major categories given below : 1 . END
dirt , which is here defined as UNK material which is usually inorganic and is very often extremely finely divided so as to exhibit UNK properties . END
greasy soils , which are UNK by UNK and fats ( UNK of UNK with UNK organic acids ) . END
stains , which include the wide variety of UNK materials which give color even when present in very low concentration on the soiled object . END
miscellaneous soils , which primarily include sticky substances and UNK liquids which UNK to leave a residue . END
the dirt on the soiled objects is mechanically held by surface irregularities to some extent . END
however , a major factor in binding dirt is the attraction between surfaces that goes under the name of van UNK UNK forces . END
this is a theoretically complicated dipole interaction which causes any extremely small uncharged particle to UNK with other small uncharged particles , or to stick to an uncharged surface . END
obviously , if UNK particles bear charges of opposite sign or , if one kind is charged and the other kind is not , the attraction will be intensified and the tendency to UNK will be greatly reinforced . END
likewise , a charged particle will tend to stick to an uncharged surface and vice versa , and a charged particle will be very strongly attracted to a surface exhibiting an opposite charge . END
in addition , dirt particles can be held onto a soiled surface by sticky substances or by the surface tension of liquids , including liquid UNK . END
UNK , stains , and miscellaneous soils are usually sorbed onto the soiled surface . END
in most cases , these soils are taken up as liquids through capillary action . END
in an essentially static system , an oil cannot be replaced by water on a surface unless the interfacial tensions of the water phase are reduced by a surface-active agent . END
the washing process whereby soils are removed consists basically of applying mechanical action to UNK the dirt particles and dried matter in the presence of water which helps to UNK off the debris and acts , to some extent , as a UNK and UNK agent . END
greasy soils are hardly removed by washing in plain water ; ; END
and natural waters , in addition , often contain impurities such as calcium salts which can react with soils to make them more difficult to remove . END
therefore , detergents are used . END
the detergent active is that substance which primarily acts to remove greasy soils . END
the other constituents in a built detergent assist in this and in the removal of dirty stains and the UNK sticky or dried soils . END
as is well known , detergent actives belong to the chemical class consisting of moderately high molecular weight and highly polar molecules which exhibit the property of forming micelles in solution . END
UNK investigations of anionic UNK , including the UNK , have shown that there is little polymerization or UNK of the chain UNK below a certain region of concentration called the critical micelle concentration . END
( 1 ) below the critical micelle concentration , UNK and some UNK are present . END
( 2 ) in the critical micelle region , there is a rapid UNK or polymerization to give the micelles , which have a degree of polymerization averaging around 60 - 80 . END
( 3 ) for UNK , these micelles appear to be roughly spherical UNK in which the UNK tails come together so that the polar groups ( the UNK ends ) face outward towards the aqueous continuous phase . END
obviously UNK ( UNK ) substances such as UNK , oils , or particles having a greasy or oily surface are more at home in the center of a micelle than in the aqueous phase . END
micelles can UNK and hold a considerable amount of UNK substances so that the micelle volume may be increased as much as approximately UNK . END
although the matter has not been unequivocally demonstrated , the available data show that micelles in themselves do not contribute significantly to the UNK process . END
related to micelle formation is the UNK important ability of detergent actives to UNK at oil - water interfaces in such a manner that the polar ( or UNK ) end of the molecule is directed towards the aqueous phase and the UNK chain towards the oily phase . END
in the cleaning process , sorbed greasy soils become coated in this manner with an oriented film of UNK . END
then during washing , the greasy soil rolls back at the edges so that UNK UNK can UNK themselves from the sorbed oil mass , with the aid of mechanical action , and enter the aqueous phase . END
obviously , a substance which is permanently or temporarily sorbed on the surface in place of the soil will tend to accelerate this process and effectively push off the greasy soil . END
substances other than detergent actives also tend to be strongly sorbed from aqueous media onto surfaces of other UNK condensed phases . END
this is particularly true of highly charged ions , especially those ions which fall into the class of UNK . END
whereas the usual organic surface-active agent is strongly sorbed at oil - water interfaces , the highly charged ions are most strongly sorbed at interfaces between water and insoluble materials exhibiting an ionic structure ( see table UNK on p. UNK ) . END
thus , for aqueous media , we can think of the idealized organic active as an UNK or UNK surface-active agent , and of an idealized builder as a UNK or UNK surface-active agent . END
from the equilibrium UNK data which are available , it seems logical to expect that UNK ions would be strongly sorbed on the surface of the dirt ( especially clay soils ) so as to give it a greatly increased negative charge . END
the charged particles then repel each other and are also repelled from the charged surface , which almost invariably bears a negative charge under washing conditions . END
the UNK charged dirt particles then leave the surface and go into the aqueous phase . END
this hypothesis is evolved in analogy to the demonstrated action of organic actives in UNK . END
it does not consider the kinetic effects of the phosphate builders on UNK phenomena which will be discussed later ( see pp. UNK - UNK ) . END
the crude picture of the UNK process thus far developed can be represented as : af . END
the influence of mechanical action on the particles of free soil may be compared to that of kinetic energy on a molecular scale . END
freed soil must be dispersed and protected against UNK . END
cleaned cloth must be protected against the UNK of dispersed soil . END
it is evident that the requirements imposed by these effects upon any one detergent constituent acting alone are severe . END
upon consideration of the variety of soils and fabrics normally encountered in the washing process , it is little wonder that the use of a number of detergent constituents having `` UNK '' properties has gained widespread acceptance . END
in the over-all process , it is difficult to assign a `` pure '' role to each constituent of a UNK formulation ; ; END
and , indeed , there is no more reason to separate the interrelated roles of the active , builder , UNK agent , etc. than there is to assign individual actions to each of the numerous UNK making up a given commercial organic active . END
the thermal exchange of chlorine between af and liquid af is readily measurable at temperatures in the range of UNK and above . END
the photochemical exchange occurs with a quantum yield of the order of unity in the liquid phase at UNK using light absorbed only by the af . END
in the gas phase , with af of af and af of af , quantum yields of the order of af have been observed at UNK . END
despite extensive attempts to obtain highly pure UNK , serious difficulty was experienced in obtaining reproducible rates of reaction . END
it appears possible to set a lower limit of about af for the activation energy of the abstraction of a chlorine atom from a carbon tetrachloride molecule by a chlorine atom to form af radical . END
the rate of the gas phase exchange reaction appears to be proportional to the first power of the absorbed light intensity indicating that the radical intermediates are removed at the walls or by reaction with an UNK rather than by UNK radical combination reactions . END
because of the simplicity of the molecules , UNK exchange reactions between elemental UNK and the corresponding carbon UNK would appear to offer particularly fruitful possibilities for obtaining UNK basic kinetic data . END
it would appear that it should be possible to determine unique mechanisms for the thermal and photochemical reactions in both the liquid and gas phases and to determine values for activation energies of some of the intermediate reactions of atoms and free radicals , as well as information on the heat of dissociation of the UNK bond . END
the reaction of chlorine with carbon tetrachloride seemed particularly suited for such studies . END
it should be possible to prepare very pure chlorine by oxidation of inorganic UNK on a vacuum system followed by multiple UNK of the liquid . END
it should be possible to free carbon tetrachloride of any interfering substances by the usual UNK methods followed by UNK prior to addition of radioactive chlorine . END
furthermore , the exchange would not be expected to be sensitive to trace amounts of impurities because it would not be apt to be a chain reaction since the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine by a chlorine atom would be expected to be too high ; ; END
also it would be expected that af would compete very effectively with any impurities as a UNK for af radicals . END
contrary to these expectations we have found it impossible to obtain the degree of UNK one would wish , even with extensive efforts to prepare especially pure UNK . END
we are reporting these investigations here briefly because of their UNK to problems of the study of apparently simple exchange reactions of chlorine and because the results furnish some information on the activation energy for abstraction of chlorine atoms from carbon tetrachloride . END
-- UNK highest purity tank chlorine was passed through a tube of UNK af into an UNK pyrex system where it was condensed with liquid air . END
it was then distilled at least three times from a trap at UNK to a liquid air trap with only a small middle fraction being retained in each UNK . END
the purified product was stored at UNK in a tube equipped with a break seal . END
of several methods employed for UNK chlorine with UNK , the exchange of inactive chlorine with tagged aluminum chloride at room temperature was found to be the most satisfactory . END
to prepare the latter , silver chloride was precipitated from a solution containing af obtained from the oak ridge national laboratory . END
the silver chloride was UNK under vacuum in the presence of aluminum UNK with the resultant product of af which was UNK into a flask on the vacuum line . END
previously purified chlorine was subsequently admitted and the exchange was allowed to take place . END
the UNK was stored at UNK in a tube equipped with a break seal . END
UNK quantities of UNK , low UNK , UNK grade carbon tetrachloride were saturated with af and af and illuminated for about 50 hours with a 1000 UNK tungsten lamp at a distance of a few inches . END
the mixture was then extracted with alkali and with water following which the carbon tetrachloride was distilled on a UNK column , a 25% center cut being retained which was then UNK under vacuum in the presence of af . END
purified inactive chlorine was then added from one of the tubes described above and the mixture frozen out and sealed off in a flask equipped with a break seal . END
this UNK tetrachloride solution was illuminated for a day following which the flask was UNK onto a vacuum system and the excess chlorine distilled off . END
the required amount of carbon tetrachloride was distilled into a series of reaction cells on a manifold on a vacuum line . END
the desired amounts of inactive chlorine and radioactive chlorine were likewise condensed in these cells on the vacuum line following which they were frozen down and the manifold as a whole was sealed off . END
the contents of the manifold for liquid phase experiments were then mixed by shaking , UNK to the reaction tubes , frozen down , and each tube was then sealed off . END
the UNK for the gas phase experiments were first frozen out in a UNK attached to the manifold and then allowed to UNK slowly into the manifold of UNK reaction cells before sealing off . END
this method in general solved the problem of obtaining fairly equal concentrations of UNK in each of the six cells from a set . END
reaction conditions and analysis . END
-- the samples for liquid phase thermal reaction studies were prepared in pyrex capillary tubing 2.5 mm. UNK and about 15 cm. long . END
in a few experiments the tubes were made from standard 6 mm. UNK pyrex tubing of 1 mm. wall thickness . END
both types of tube UNK the pressure of approximately 20 atmospheres exerted by the carbon tetrachloride at UNK . END
the photochemical reaction cells consisted of 10 mm. UNK pyrex tubing , UNK cm. long , diffraction effects being minimized by the fact that the light passed through only UNK interfaces and not UNK interfaces . END
these cells were used rather than square pyrex tubing because of the tendency of the latter to UNK when UNK frozen carbon tetrachloride . END
the round cells were UNK UNK in the light beam which entered the UNK mineral UNK through a window . END
two types of light source were used , a thousand UNK projection lamp and an UNK high pressure mercury arc . END
the light was filtered by the soft glass window of the thermostat thus UNK that only light absorbed by the chlorine and not by the carbon tetrachloride could enter the reaction cell . END
relative incident light intensities were measured with a UNK UNK system . END
changes of intensity on the cell were achieved by use of a wire screen and by varying the distance of the light source from the cell . END
following reaction the cells were scratched with a file and opened under a 20% aqueous sodium iodide solution . END
carrier af was added and the aqueous and organic phases were separated ( cells containing UNK UNK were immersed in liquid air before opening under sodium iodide ) . END
after UNK of the liberated af with af , UNK of the aqueous and of the organic phase were counted in a UNK UNK tube . END
in the liquid phase runs the amount of carbon tetrachloride in each reaction tube was determined by weighing the tube before opening and weighing the fragments after UNK . END
the fraction of exchange was determined as the ratio of the counts / minute observed in the carbon tetrachloride to the counts / minute calculated for the carbon tetrachloride fractions for equilibrium distribution of the activity between the chlorine and carbon tetrachloride , empirically determined correction being made for the difference in counting efficiency of af in af and af . END
-- in studying the liquid phase thermal reaction , some 70 tubes from 12 different manifold UNK were prepared and analyzed . END
experiments were done at 180 , 200 , UNK , and UNK . END
following observation of the fact that the reaction rates of supposedly identical reaction mixtures prepared on the same filling manifold and exposed under identical conditions often differed by several hundred per cent , a systematic series of experiments was undertaken to see whether the difficulty could be ascribed to the method of preparing the chlorine , to the effects of oxygen or moisture or to the effect of surface to volume ratio in the reaction tubes . END
in addition to the method described in the section above , chlorine and UNK were prepared by the UNK of a af UNK on the vacuum line , and by exchange of af with UNK af . END
calcium UNK was substituted for af as a drying agent for carbon tetrachloride . END
no correlation between these variables and the UNK of the results was found . END
the reaction rates observed at UNK ranged from af of the chlorine exchanged per hour to UNK exchanged per hour . END
in most cases the chlorine concentration was about af . END
sets of reaction tubes containing 0.2 of an atmosphere of added oxygen in one case and added moisture in another , both gave reaction rates in the range of 0.1 to 0.4 of the chlorine exchanged per hour . END
no detectable reaction was found at room temperature for reaction mixtures allowed to stand up to 5 hours . END
the liquid phase photochemical reaction . END
the liquid phase photochemical exchange between chlorine and carbon tetrachloride was more reproducible than the thermal exchange , although still UNK . END
the improvement was most noticeable in the greater consistency among reaction cells prepared as a group on the same manifold . END
rather large differences were still found between reaction cells from different manifold UNK . END
some 80 reaction tubes from 13 manifold UNK were illuminated in the temperature range from 40 to UNK in a further endeavor to determine the cause of the UNK and to obtain information on the activation energy and the effect of light intensity . END
in all cases there was readily measurable exchange after as little as one hour of illumination . END
by comparing reaction cells sealed from the same manifold temperature UNK corresponding to activation energies ranging from 11 to 18 af was observed while dependence on the first power of the light intensity seemed to be indicated in most cases . END
it was possible to make estimates of the quantum yield by observing the extent of reduction of a UNK UNK UNK solution illuminated for a known time in a typical reaction cell and making appropriate conversions based on the differences in the absorption spectra of UNK UNK and of chlorine , and considering the spectral distribution of the light source . END
these estimates indicated that the quantum yield for the exchange of chlorine with liquid carbon tetrachloride at UNK is of the order of magnitude of unity . END
when typical reaction cells to which UNK of an atmosphere of oxygen had been added were illuminated , chlorine and UNK were produced . END
exchange was also observed in these cells , which had chlorine present at af . END
the photochemical exchange in the gas phase . END
-- although there was some variation in results which must be attributed either to trace impurities or to variation in wall effects , the photochemical exchange in the gas phase was sufficiently reproducible so that it seemed meaningful to compare the reaction rates in different series of reaction tubes for the purpose of obtaining information on the effect of chlorine concentration and of carbon tetrachloride concentration on the reaction rate . END
data on such comparisons together with data on the effect of light intensity are given in table 1 . END
in series 1 , the relative light intensity was varied by varying the distance of the lamp from the reaction cell over the range from UNK to UNK cm. . END
the last column shows the rate of exchange that would have been observed at a relative intensity of 4 ( UNK cm. distance ) calculated on the assumptions that the incident light intensity is inversely proportional to the square of the distance of the lamp from the cell and that the rate is directly proportional to the incident light intensity . END
direct UNK of the rate to the incident intensity has also been assumed in obtaining the value in the last column for the fourth sample of series 2 , where the light intensity was reduced by use of a screen . END
the poynting-robertson effect ( UNK , 1937 ; ; END
UNK and whipple , 1950 ) , which is a UNK of the UNK motion of particles by the UNK UNK of the repulsive force of the impinging solar radiation , causes the dust to spiral into the sun in times much shorter than the age of the earth . END
the radial velocity varies inversely as the particle size -- a UNK particle near the orbit of mars would reach the sun in about 60 million years . END
whipple ( 1955 ) extends the effects to include the UNK pressure , which increases both the minimum particle size and the drag . END
further , the UNK radiation , i.e. , the UNK UNK , must UNK away the surface atoms of the dust and cause a slow UNK in size , with a resultant increase in both the poynting-robertson effect and the ratio of the repulsive force to the gravitational force . END
the poynting-robertson effect causes the UNK axis of orbits to UNK more rapidly than the UNK axis , with a consequent tendency toward circular orbits as the particles move toward the sun . END
also , planetary gravitational attraction increases the dust concentration near the plane of the UNK as the sun is approached . END
at one astronomical unit from the sun ( the earth's distance ) the dust orbits are probably nearly circular . END
if such is the case , the particles within a distance of about af of the earth will have , relative to the earth , a kinetic energy less than their potential energy and they will be captured into orbits about the earth . END
de UNK ( 1955 ) has calculated the times required for these particles to reach the atmosphere under the influence of the poynting-robertson effect , which in this case causes the orbits to become more and more eccentric without changing the UNK axis . END
this effect can give rise to a blanket of micrometeorites around the earth . END
since there is a continual loss of UNK material in space because of the radiation effects , there must be a continual UNK : otherwise , micrometeorites would have disappeared from UNK space . END
there are several possible sources . END
according to whipple ( 1955 ) , UNK debris is sufficient to replenish the material UNK into the sun , maintaining a fairly steady state . END
UNK UNK are also thought to contribute material . END
it is also possible that some of the dust in the vicinity of the earth originated from meteoritic UNK upon the moon . END
UNK direct measurements of micrometeorite flux END
one cannot make a very satisfactory guess about the micrometeorite flux in space . END
even in the neighborhood of the earth , where information has been obtained both directly and indirectly , the derived flux values vary by at least four orders of magnitude . END
this large discrepancy demonstrates the UNK of the experimental methods and the lack of understanding of the various phenomena involved . END
beyond a few million UNK from the earth , but still in the region of the earth's orbit , a prediction of the flux of dust is even more unreliable . END
at greater distances from the sun , the situation is still less certain . END
there are several sources of evidence on the micrometeorite environment . END
direct information has been obtained from rockets and satellites equipped with impact sensors . END
in addition , the size distribution obtained from visual and radar observations of meteors may be extrapolated to the micrometeorite domain . END
from the brightness of the f component of the solar UNK and the brightness of the UNK light , an estimate of the particle sizes , concentrations , and spatial distribution can be derived for regions of space near the UNK plane . END
another important source of evidence only recently receiving much attention is the analysis of atmospheric dust for a meteoritic component . END
the UNK of UNK sediments and content of collectors in remote regions are valuable in this category . END
the data provide a measure of the total mass of cosmic material incident upon the earth . END
the direct evidence on the micrometeorite environment near the earth is obtained from UNK sensors ( essentially microphones ) and from wire UNK ; ; END
these instruments are installed on rockets , satellites , and space UNK . END
statistically , the most significant data have been collected from the sensors on 1958 alpha ( explorer 1 ) , 1958 delta 2 ( UNK 3 ) , and 1959 eta ( UNK 3 ) . END
these vehicles , with large sensitive areas , have collected data for long enough times to give reliable impact rates for the periods of exposure . END
many other vehicles with smaller UNK UNK products contribute some information . END
the impact rate on 1958 alpha for UNK events was af for particles of mass greater than af ( UNK , 1960 ) ; ; END
this mass threshold was derived from the UNK calibration and an assumed impact velocity of af . END
the data show daily and diurnal variations . END
ninety per cent of the UNK recorded UNK occurred between midnight and noon , and from day to day the variation of the rate was as much as an order of magnitude . END
one may conclude that most of the detected UNK material is concentrated in UNK streams which intersect the earth's orbit . END
there have been UNK reports from 1958 delta 2 , and the data quoted here are believed to be the more reliable . END
on may 15 , a very large increase occurred with af of mass between af and af ; ; END
for the next two days , the impact rate was af ; ; END
and for the next nine days , the impact rate was less than af ( UNK , 1960 ) . END
the data for the first day indicate a UNK stream with a very high concentration of particles and may have led to the high estimates of micrometeorite flux . END
preliminary data from 1959 eta give an average impact rate of af for masses larger than af for about 1000 events in a UNK period ( UNK and alexander , 1960 ) . END
the UNK rate varied by less than a factor of UNK . END
the data have not yet been analyzed for diurnal variations . END
note that the mass threshold is four times that of 1958 alpha and that the flux is one fifth as large . END
if one assumes that the average flux did not change between measurements , a UNK curve is obtained which relates the flux of particles larger than a given radius to the inverse UNK power of the radius . END
space UNK have yielded little information . END
pioneer 1 , recorded a decrease in flux with distance from the earth on the basis of 11 counts in 9 hours . END
with UNK sensitive to three mass intervals and based on a few counts , the second and third russian space UNK indicate that the flux of the smallest particles detected is less than that of larger ones . END
being based on so few events , these results are of dubious validity . END
the calibration of UNK sensors in terms of the particle parameters is very uncertain . END
many workers believe that the response is proportional to the incident momentum of the particles , a relation deduced from laboratory results linearly extrapolated to meteoritic velocities . END
however , one must expect that UNK and UNK of material by UNK UNK would cause a deviation from a linear relationship . END
in the united states , most of the sensors are UNK by dropping small UNK on their sensitive surfaces . END
the russian experimenters claim that only a small fraction of the impulse from the sensors is caused by the incident momentum with the remainder being momentum of UNK material from the UNK . END
this `` UNK '' momentum is linearly related to the particle energy . END
they quote about the same mass threshold as that of the u.s. apparatus , but a momentum threshold about 40 times greater . END
there is a difference in the experimental arrangement , in that the u.s. microphones are attached directly to the vehicle skin while the russian instruments are isolated from the skin . END
the threshold mass is derived from the momentum threshold with the assumption of a mean impact velocity of af in the u.s. work and af in the u.s.s.r. work . END
the threshold mass of about af corresponds to a UNK sphere of density af . END
however , the conversion from mass to size is unreliable , since many photographic meteors give evidence of a UNK , loosely bound meteorite structure with UNK as low as af . END
to what extent such low density applies to micrometeorites is unknown . END
the velocity value used is also open to some question ; ; END
if a substantial fraction of the dust is UNK about the earth , only about one third the UNK average velocity should be used in deriving the mass . END
UNK light and the UNK give some evidence for such a dust blanket , a phenomenon also to be expected if the dust before capture is in circular orbits about the sun , as indicated by the trend of the smaller visible meteors . END
the diurnal variation in the observed flux may be partly due to the dependence of the UNK sensitivity on the incident velocity . END
the flux of micrometeorites in the neighborhood of the earth can be estimated by extrapolation from radar and visual UNK data . END
a summary of meteorite data , prepared by whipple ( 1958 ) on the basis of photographic , visual , and radar evidence , is given in table UNK . END
from an estimated mass of 25 g for a UNK meteorite , the other masses are derived with the assumption of a mass decrease by a factor of UNK for each unit increase in magnitude . END
the radius is calculated from the mass by assuming UNK of density af except for the smallest particles , which must have a higher mass density to remain in the solar system in the presence of UNK pressure . END
the flux values are for all particles with masses greater than the given mass and are based on an estimate of the numbers of visual meteors . END
it is assumed that the flux values increase by a factor of UNK per magnitude , in accordance with the opinion that the total mass flux in each unit range in magnitude is constant . END
the values agree with the data from 1958 alpha and 1959 eta . END
the figures in the UNK column are derived with the assumption of 50 per cent shielding by the earth ; ; END
hence , these figures apply immediately above the earth's atmosphere . END
the UNK flux is given in the last column ; ; END
these figures constitute the best estimate for the flux in UNK space near the earth . END
of course , if there is a dust blanket around the earth , the fluxes in UNK space should be less than the figures given here . END
note that the mass scale is one to two orders of magnitude greater than some previously used ; ; END
for example , UNK ( 1948 ) derived a scale of UNK g for a af , UNK meteorite . END
the older scales were based on theoretical estimates of the conversion efficiency of kinetic energy into light . END
the mass scale used in table UNK was derived on the assumption that the motion of the glowing trail is related to the momentum transfer to the trail by the meteorite , permitting the calculation of the mass if the velocity is known ( cook and whipple , 1958 ) . END
a concentration distribution has been derived from radar observations sensitive to the fifteenth magnitude ( UNK and UNK , 1959 ) . END
extrapolation of this relationship through the UNK magnitude covers the range of micrometeorites . END
the approximate equation is af , where n is the number of af with electron UNK greater than or equal to af , and q is proportional to the mass of the meteorite . END
therefore , n is inversely proportional to the radius UNK and in fair agreement with the inverse UNK power derived from 1958 alpha and 1959 eta data . END
at the fifteenth magnitude , af , and at the UNK magnitude , af . END
these extrapolated fluxes are about an order of magnitude less than the values from the satellite data and the figures in UNK table . END
the extrapolation may be in error for several reasons . END
the observational data determining the concentration distribution have a range of error which is magnified in the extension into the micrometeorite region . END
the UNK and UNK pressure and the associated poynting-robertson effect increase in effectiveness as the particle size decreases and modify the distribution and limit sizes to larger than a few microns . END
also , it has been suggested that the source of all or part of the dust may not be the same as that for visual or radar meteorites ( best , 1960 ) , and the same distribution would not be expected . END
indirect indications of micrometeorite flux END
a measure of the total mass UNK of meteoritic material by the earth is obtained from analyses of UNK sediments and dust collected in remote regions ( UNK , 1960 ) . END
most meteoritic material , by the time it reaches the earth's surface , has been reduced to dust or to UNK of UNK material in its passage through the atmosphere . END
for all meteorites , the average nickel content is about 2.5 per cent . END
this is much higher than the nickel content of terrestrial UNK and sediments and provides a basis for the determination of the meteoritic mass UNK . END
present data indicate an UNK of about af tons per year over the entire globe , or about af . END
biological warfare is the intentional use of living microorganisms or their UNK products for the purpose of destroying or reducing the military effectiveness of man . END
it is the exploitation of the inherent potential of infectious disease agents by scientific research and development , resulting in the production of bw weapons systems . END
man may also be injured UNK by damage to his food crops or domestic animals . END
biological warfare is considered to be primarily a strategic weapon . END
the major reason for this is that it has no UNK effect . END
the incubation period of infectious disease , plus a variable period of illness even before a lethal effect , render this weapon UNK for UNK encounter . END
a man can be an effective fighting machine throughout the incubation period of most infectious diseases . END
thus , an enemy would probably use this weapon for attack on static population centers such as large cities . END
an important operational procedure in bw for an enemy would be to create an UNK or cloud of agent over the target area . END
this concept has stimulated much basic research concerning the behavior of UNK biological materials , the UNK of respiratory infections , the medical management of such diseases and defense against their occurrence . END
the biological and physical properties of infectious particles have been studied UNK during the past fifteen years . END
much new equipment and many unique techniques have been developed for the quantitative exposure of experimental animals to UNK of infectious agents contained in particles of specified dimensional characteristics . END
much information has been gathered relative to quantitative sampling and UNK techniques . END
much of the older experimental work on respiratory infections was accomplished by very artificial procedures . END
the UNK UNK of a fluid suspension of infectious agent in an UNK animal is far different from exposure , through natural UNK , to UNK organisms . END
the importance of particle size in such UNK has been thoroughly demonstrated . END
the natural anatomical and physiological defensive features of the upper respiratory tract , such as the UNK of the nose and the UNK of the UNK and larger UNK , are capable of impinging out the larger particles to which we are ordinarily exposed in our daily existence . END
very small particles , however , in a size range of 1 to 4 microns in diameter are capable of passing these impinging barriers and entering the alveolar bed of the lungs . END
this area is highly susceptible to infection . END
the entrance and retention of infectious particles in the alveoli amounts almost to an UNK UNK . END
the relationship between particle size and infectious dose is illustrated in table 1 . END
in considering bw defense , it must be recognized that a number of critical UNK parameters must be met for an aerosol to exhibit optimum effect . END
for example , bright sunlight is rapidly destructive for living microorganisms suspended in air . END
there are optimal humidity requirements for various agents when airborne . END
neutral or UNK UNK conditions are necessary for a cloud to travel along the surface . END
it will rise during lapse conditions . END
there are , of course , certain times during the UNK daily cycle when most of these conditions will be met . END
certain other properties of small particles , in addition to those already mentioned in connection with penetration of the respiratory tract , are noteworthy in defense considerations . END
the smaller the particle the further it will travel UNK before settling out . END
an aerosol of such small particles , moreover , UNK through structures in much the same manner as a gas . END
there may be a number of secondary effects resulting from diffusion through buildings such as widespread contamination of kitchens , restaurants , food stores , hospitals , etc. . END
depending on the organism , there may be multiplication in some food or beverage products , i.e. , in milk for example . END
the secondary consequences from this could be very serious and must be taken into consideration in planning for defense . END
something of the behavior of clouds of small particles can be illustrated by the following field trials : END
in the first trial an inert substance was disseminated from a boat travelling some ten miles off shore under appropriately selected UNK conditions . END
zinc UNK UNK in particles of 2 microns in size were disseminated . END
this material UNK under ultraviolet light which UNK its sampling and assessment . END
four hundred and fifty pounds was disseminated while the ship was traveling a distance of UNK miles . END
figure 1 describes the results obtained in this trial . END
the particles traveled a maximum detected distance of some 450 miles . END
from these dosage UNK it can be seen that an area of over UNK square miles was covered . END
these dosages could have been increased by increasing the source strength which was small in this case . END
the behavior of a biological aerosol , on a much smaller scale , is illustrated by a specific field trial conducted with a UNK organism . END
an aqueous suspension of the UNK of b. UNK , UNK UNK , generally known as UNK UNK , was UNK using commercially available UNK . END
a satisfactory cloud was produced even though these UNK were only about 5 per cent efficient in producing an initial cloud in the size range of 1 to 5 microns . END
in this test , 130 gallons of a suspension , having a count of af organisms per ml , or a total of approximately af UNK , was UNK . END
the spraying operation was conducted from the rear deck of a small naval vessel , cruising two miles UNK and vertical to an UNK breeze . END
spraying continued along a UNK course . END
this operation was started at UNK p.m. and lasted for 29 minutes . END
there was a slight lapse condition , a moderate fog , and 100 per cent relative humidity . END
a network of sampling stations had been set up on shore . END
these were located at the homes of government employees , in government offices , buildings and reservations within the trial area . END
a rough attempt was made to characterize the vertical profile of the cloud by taking samples from outside the windows on the first , ninth , and fifteenth floors of a government office building . END
all UNK were operated for a period of two hours except one , which was operated for four hours . END
in this instance , there was a dosage of UNK during the first two hours and a total dosage of 1980 for the UNK period , a UNK increase . END
this suggests that the sampling period , particularly at the more distant locations , should have been increased . END
as can be seen from figure 2 , an extensive area was covered by this aerosol . END
the maximum distance sampled was 23 miles from the source . END
as can be seen from these dosage UNK , approximately 100 square miles was covered within the area sampled . END
it is quite likely that an even greater area was covered , particularly UNK . END
the dosages in the three levels of the vertical profile were : af END
this was not , of course , enough sampling to give a satisfactory description of the vertical diffusion of the aerosol . END
a number of unique medical problems might be created when man is exposed to an infectious agent through the respiratory route rather than by natural UNK of entry . END
some agents have been shown to be much more UNK or infectious to experimental animals when exposed to UNK of optimum particle size than by the natural UNK . END
UNK UNK , for example , is several UNK more UNK by this route than when given per UNK . END
in some instances a different clinical disease picture may result from this route of exposure , making diagnosis difficult . END
in UNK produced by aerosol exposure , one would not expect to find the classical ulcer of `` rabbit fever '' on a finger . END
an enemy would obviously choose an agent that is believed to be highly infectious . END
agents that are known to cause frequent infections among laboratory workers such as those causing q fever , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , etc. , belong in this category . END
an agent would likely be selected which would possess sufficient UNK and UNK stability to meet realistic minimal UNK requirements . END
it is , obviously , a proper goal of research to improve on this property . END
in this connection it should be capable of being disseminated without excessive destruction . END
moreover , it should not be so UNK in its growth requirements as to make production on a UNK significant scale UNK . END
an UNK would use an agent against which there was a minimal naturally acquired or artificially induced immunity in a target population . END
a solid immunity is the one effective circumstance whereby attack by a specific agent can be neutralized . END
it must be remembered , however , that there are many agents for which there is no solid immunity and a partial or UNK immunity may be broken by an appropriate dose of agent . END
there is a broad spectrum of organisms from which selection for a specified military purpose might be made . END
an enemy might choose an acutely UNK UNK , a chronic disease producer or one causing a high rate of UNK . END
it is possible that certain UNK forms may be produced such as UNK resistant strains . END
UNK may also be developed with changes in UNK properties that are of importance in identification . END
all of these considerations are of critical importance in considering defense and medical management . END
biological agents are , of course , highly UNK . END
they do not destroy physical structures as is true of high UNK . END
this may be of UNK importance in considering military objectives . END
the question of epidemic disease merits some discussion . END
only a limited effort has been devoted to this problem . END
some of those who question the value of bw have assumed that the only potential would be in the establishment of UNK . END
they then point out that with our present lack of knowledge of all the factors concerned in the rise and fall of UNK , it is unlikely that a planned episode could be initiated . END
they argue further ( and somewhat UNK ) that our knowledge and resources in preventive medicine would make it possible to control such an UNK of disease . END
this is why this approach to bw defense has not been given major attention . END
our major problem is what an enemy might accomplish in an initial attack on a target . END
this , of course , does not eliminate from consideration for this purpose agents that are associated naturally with epidemic disease . END
a hypothetical example will illustrate this point . END
let us assume that it would be possible for an enemy to create an aerosol of the UNK agent of epidemic UNK ( UNK UNK ) over city a and that a large number of cases of UNK fever resulted therefrom . END
no epidemic was initiated nor was one expected because the population in city a was not lousy . END
UNK is a UNK for epidemic UNK . END
in this case , then , the military objective was accomplished with an epidemic agent solely through the results secured in the initial attack . END
this was done with full knowledge that there would be no epidemic . END
on the other hand , a similar attack might have been made on city b whose population was known to be lousy . END
one might expect some spread of the disease in this case resulting in increased effectiveness of the attack . END
the major defensive problems are concerned with the possibility of overt military delivery of biological agents from appropriate UNK devices . END
it should be no more difficult to deliver such devices than other weapons . END
the same delivery vehicles -- whether they be airplanes , submarines or guided missiles -- should be usable . END
if it is possible for an enemy to put an atomic bomb on a city , it should be equally possible to put a cloud of biological agent over that city . END
biological agents are , moreover , suitable for delivery through enemy UNK which imposes many problems in defense . END
a few obvious target areas of great importance might be mentioned . END
the air conditioning and UNK systems of large buildings are subject to attack . END
america is rapidly becoming a nation that uses processed , UNK and even UNK foods . END
this is an enormous industry that is subject to UNK . END
one must include the preparation of soft drinks and the processing of milk and milk products . END
huge industries are involved also in the production of biological products , drugs and cosmetics which are liable to this type of attack . END
a variety of techniques have been directed toward the isolation and study of blood group antibodies . END
these include UNK UNK ( cohn ) UNK , electrophoresis , ultracentrifugation and column chromatography on ion exchange UNK . END
modifications of the last technique have been applied by several groups of investigators . END
UNK and UNK , using a UNK elution scheme , UNK whole sera containing abo and rh antibodies on UNK UNK cellulose and UNK cellulose . END
UNK and UNK , in a similar study of blood group antibodies of whole sera , used a series of gradients for elution from aj . END
UNK and morrison used a single , continuous gradient at constant ph for the UNK of anti-a and anti-b UNK from UNK UNK samples . END
in the present work whole sera have been UNK by chromatography on deae-cellulose using single gradients similar to those described by sober and peterson , and certain chemical and UNK properties of the fractions containing antibodies of the abo and rh systems have been described . END
serum samples were obtained from normal group a , group b and group o donors . END
three of the UNK sera used were taken from recently UNK individuals . END
one contained complete antibody and had a titer of 1 : UNK in saline . END
the second contained incomplete antibody and showed titers of 1 : UNK in albumin and 1 : UNK by the indirect coombs test . END
the third , containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies , had titers of 1 : UNK in saline , 1 : UNK in albumin and 1 : UNK by the indirect coombs test . END
in addition one serum was obtained from a donor ( r. e. ) who had been UNK 6 years previously . END
this serum exhibited titers of 1 : 16 in albumin and 1 : UNK by the indirect coombs test . END
these antibody titers were determined by reaction with homozygous af red cells . END
anti-a and anti-b activities were determined in fractions from the sera of group a , group b or group o donors by the following tube agglutination methods . END
one drop of each sample was added to one drop of a 2% suspension of group af or group b red cells in a small af test tube . END
in several instances group o cells were also used as controls . END
the red cells were used within 2 days after UNK and were washed with large amounts of saline before use . END
the mixtures of sample plus cell suspension were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 aj . END
the tubes were then centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined UNK for agglutination . END
for the albumin method , equal volumes of 30% UNK albumin , sample and 2% cells suspended in saline were allowed to stand at room temperature for 1 hr and then were centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 aj . END
all samples were tested by both the saline and albumin methods . END
the activities of fractions of sera containing rh antibodies were tested by the saline , albumin and indirect coombs techniques . END
homozygous and UNK af cells , af and homozygous and UNK af cells were used to test each sample ; ; END
however , in the interest of clarity and UNK only the results obtained with homozygous af and homozygous af cells will be presented here . END
the saline and albumin tests were performed as described for the abo samples except that the mixture was UNK for 1 hr at UNK before UNK . END
the saline tubes were saved and used for the indirect coombs test in the following manner . END
the cells were washed three times with saline , UNK serum was added , the cells were UNK , and the mixture was centrifuged at 1000 rpm for 1 min and examined for agglutination . END
the UNK sera used were prepared by injecting whole human serum into rabbits . END
those UNK shown by UNK to be of the `` broad spectrum '' type were selected for use in the present study . END
the red cells for the rh antibody tests were used within 3 days after drawing except for the af cells , which had been UNK and stored at UNK for approximately 1 year . END
these cells were UNK at UNK for 30 min and were UNK by alternately UNK and mixing with descending concentrations of UNK solutions ( 20 , 18 , 10 , 8 , 4 and 2% ) . END
the cells were then washed three times with saline and UNK to 2% in saline . END
blood samples were allowed to UNK at room temperature for 3 hr , centrifuged and the serum was removed . END
the serum was measured UNK and subsequently dialyzed in the cold for at least 24 hr against three to four changes , approximately 750 ml each , of `` starting buffer '' . END
this buffer , ph UNK , was UNK m in af and UNK m in UNK ( UNK ) . END
after dialysis the sample was centrifuged and the UNK placed on a af cm column of UNK UNK with starting buffer . END
the deae-cellulose , containing UNK UNK of UNK , was prepared in our laboratory by the method of peterson and sober ( 7 ) from powdered cellulose , 100 - 230 mesh . END
the small amount of insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis was suspended in approximately 5 ml of starting buffer , centrifuged , UNK in 2.5 ml of isotonic saline and tested for antibody activity . END
the chromatography was done at UNK using gradient elution , essentially according to sober and peterson . END
the deep concave gradient employed ( fig. 2 ) was obtained with a UNK gradient elution device ( `` UNK '' , reference ( 8 ) ) and has been described elsewhere . END
the other , a shallow concave gradient ( fig. 1 ) , was produced with a so-called `` UNK '' apparatus , the `` cone '' being a UNK UNK flask and the `` sphere , '' a UNK UNK flask . END
each initially contained UNK ml of buffer ; ; END
in the sphere was starting buffer and in the cone was final buffer , UNK m in both af and UNK , ph UNK . END
a flow rate of 72 af was used and 12 ml fractions were collected . END
approximately UNK fractions were obtained from each column . END
these were read at 280 UNK in a UNK model du UNK and tested for antibody activity as described above . END
for protein identification , fractions from the column were concentrated by UNK against a stream of air at UNK or by negative pressure dialysis in an apparatus which permitted simultaneous concentration of the protein and dialysis against isotonic saline . END
during the latter procedure the temperature was maintained at UNK by surrounding the apparatus with ice . END
because negative pressure dialysis gave better recovery of proteins , permitted detection of proteins concentrated from very UNK solutions and was a UNK procedure , it was used in all but the earliest experiments . END
paper electrophoresis was carried out on the concentrated samples in a spinco model r cell using UNK buffer , ph UNK , ionic strength UNK , at room temperature on UNK UNK filter paper . END
five UNK were applied for 18 hr , after which the strips were stained with UNK blue and UNK was carried out using a spinco UNK . END
when paper electrophoresis was to be used for preparation , eight strips of a whole serum sample or a UNK fraction concentrated by negative pressure dialysis were UNK under the conditions described above . END
at the end of the run , the strips in the third and sixth positions in each chamber were dried , stained for 1 hr , washed and dried , while the other strips were maintained in a horizontal position at UNK . END
the UNK strips were then marked , using the stained ones as a guide , and cut UNK so as to separate the various protein bands . END
the strip sections containing a given protein were UNK , UNK with 0.5 ml of isotonic saline , and the UNK were tested for antibody activity . END
fractions from the column which were to be subjected to analytical ultracentrifugation were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis and dialyzed for 16 hr in the cold against at least 500 volumes of UNK saline , ph UNK , ionic strength UNK . END
they were then centrifuged at UNK UNK for 35 to 80 min at UNK in a spinco model e UNK at a protein concentration of UNK to UNK . END
UNK UNK were computed as af values and relative amounts of the various components were calculated from the UNK patterns . END
for UNK ultracentrifugation , fractions from the column were concentrated by negative pressure dialysis to volumes of 1 ml or less , transferred to cellulose tubes and diluted to 12 ml with isotonic saline . END
ultracentrifugation was then carried out in a spinco model l UNK at 40,000 rpm for UNK to 150 min , refrigeration being used throughout the run . END
successive UNK fractions were then drawn off with a UNK UNK , starting at the top of the tube , and tested for agglutinin activity . END
other methods will be described below . END
the insoluble material which precipitated during dialysis against starting buffer always showed intense agglutinin activity , regardless of the blood group of the donor . END
with either of the gradients described , chromatography on deae-cellulose separated UNK of the abo series into at least three regions ( figs. 1 and 2 ) : one of extremely low anionic binding capacity , one of low anionic binding capacity and one of high anionic binding capacity . END
these have been labeled regions 1 , 2 , and 4 , respectively , in fig. 1 . END
when the early part of the gradient was flattened , either by using the gradient shown in fig. 2 or by allowing the `` UNK '' gradient to become established more slowly , region 2 activity could sometimes be separated into two areas ( donors p. j. and r. s. , fig. 1 and e. m. , fig. 2 ) . END
the latter procedure gave rise to a small active protein peak ( region UNK ) between regions 1 and 2 . END
in 2 of 15 experiments on whole serum a region of agglutinin activity with intermediate anionic binding capacity was detected ( region 3 , fig. 1 ) . END
moreover , after concentration using negative pressure dialysis , agglutinin activity could sometimes be detected in the region designated UNK ( donors p. j. , d. a. , and j. f. , fig. 1 ) . END
not all these regions exhibited equal UNK activity , as evidenced by titer and the extent of the active areas . END
in all cases , most of the activity lay in the region of high anionic binding capacity . END
this was particularly noticeable in group a and group b sera , in which cases activity in regions 1 and 2 was usually not detectable without prior concentration and occasionally could not be detected at all . END
there appeared to be no difference in the distribution of anti-a and anti-b activity in group o serum , though in two group o donors ( j. f. and e. m. ) only one type of agglutinin was found in the regions of low anionic binding capacity ( figs. 1 and 2 ) . END
several samples of UNK plasma were UNK in our laboratory by method 6 of cohn et al . END
these fractions were tested for abo agglutinin activity , using fractions from group UNK plasma as a control . END
as expected , most of the activity was found in fraction af , with slight activity seen in fraction UNK . END
a sample of fraction af from group o plasma was dissolved in starting buffer , dialyzed against this buffer and subjected to chromatography using the gradient shown in fig. 2 . END
once again , both anti-a and anti-b activities were found in the insoluble material precipitated during dialysis . END
similarly , both types of antibodies were found in three regions of the UNK UNK , having extremely low , low , and high anionic binding capacity , respectively ( fig. 3 ) . END
chromatography of whole sera revealed that the areas of rh antibody activity were generally continuous and wide . END
the incomplete antibody activity appeared in the early part of the UNK ; ; END
the complete , in the latter part . END
the serum containing the mixed type of complete and incomplete antibodies showed activity in both regions ( fig. 1 ) . END
in all cases the activity against af cells was spread over a wider area than that with af cells , regardless of the type of test ( saline , albumin , indirect coombs ) used for comparison . END
the insoluble material resulting from dialysis against starting buffer always showed strong activity . END
in fact agglutination of af cells in saline could be produced by the insoluble material from sera containing `` only '' incomplete antibody activity . END
this was later known to be the result of concentrating the minute amount of complete antibody found in these sera ; ; END
when the insoluble fraction was suspended in a volume of saline equal to that of the original serum sample , no complete antibody activity could be detected . END
apart from the UNK , practically all bees and bumblebees UNK in a state of UNK . END
occasionally , you may come across one or two bumblebees in the cold season , when you are turning over UNK in your garden , but you have to be a really keen observer to see them at all . END
they keep their wings and feet pressed tightly against their bodies , and in spite of their often colorful attire you may very well mistake them for UNK of dirt . END
i must add at once that these animals are what we call `` queens '' , young females that have mated in the previous summer or autumn . END
it is on them alone that the future of their race depends , for all their relatives ( mothers , husbands , brothers , and UNK sisters ) have UNK with the arrival of the cold weather . END
even some of the queens will die before the winter is over , falling prey to enemies or disease . END
the survivors emerge on some nice , sunny day in march or april , when the temperature is close to UNK and there is not too much wind . END
now the thing for us to do is to find ourselves a couple of those wonderful flowering UNK such as the red UNK UNK of our pacific northwest , or otherwise a good UNK tree , or perhaps some nice pussy willow in bloom , preferably one with male or UNK catkins . END
the UNK of UNK and of the willow and UNK are the places where large numbers of our early insects will assemble : honeybees , bumblebees , and other wild bees , and also various kinds of flies . END
it is a happy , buzzing crowd . END
each male willow UNK is composed of a large number of small flowers . END
it is not difficult to see that the UNK of the UNK are always arranged in pairs , and that each individual flower is nothing but one such pair standing on a green , UNK little scale . END
by UNK the flowers , one can also notice that the scale bears one or two tiny warts . END
those are the UNK or honey glands ( fig. 26 , page 74 ) . END
the UNK willow catkins , then , provide their visitors with both UNK and pollen ; ; END
a marvelous arrangement , for it provides exactly what the bee queens need to make their beebread , a combination of honey and pollen with which the young of all species are fed . END
the only exception to this is certain bees that have become parasites . END
i will deal with these later on . END
quite often , honeybees form a majority on the willow catkins . END
as we have already seen in the first chapter , bumblebees are bigger , UNK , and much more colorful than honeybees , exhibiting various combinations of black , yellow , white and orange . END
let us not try to key them out at this stage of the game , and let us just call them bombus . END
there must be several dozen species in the united states alone . END
if you really insist on knowing their names , an excellent book on the north american species is bumblebees and their ways by o. e. UNK . END
if we manage to keep track of a bombus queen after she has left her feeding place , we may discover the UNK little UNK which she has fixed up for herself when she woke up from her winter sleep . END
as UNK a queen , a UNK female is rather UNK and may spend considerable time searching for a suitable UNK place . END
most species seem to prefer a ready-made hollow such as a deserted mouse nest , a bird house , or the hole made by a UNK ; ; END
some show a definite liking for making their nest in moss . END
once she has made up her mind , the queen starts out by constructing , in her chosen abode , a small `` floor '' of dried grass or some UNK material . END
on this , she builds an `` egg compartment '' or `` egg cell '' which is filled with that famous UNK mixture called beebread . END
she also builds one or two UNK cups which she fills with honey . END
then , a group of eggs is deposited in a cavity in the beebread loaf and the egg compartment is closed . END
the queen afterward keeps UNK and guarding her eggs like a mother hen , taking a UNK from time to time from the rather liquid honey in her honey pots . END
when the larvae hatch , they feed on the beebread , although they also receive extra honey meals from their mother . END
she continues to add to the pollen supply as needed . END
the larvae , kept warm by the queen , are full grown in about ten days . END
each now makes a tough , UNK UNK and UNK . END
after another two weeks , the first young emerge , four to eight small daughters that begin to play the role of worker bees , collecting pollen and UNK in the field and caring for the new young generation while the queen UNK to a life of egg laying . END
the first worker bees do not mate or lay eggs ; ; END
males and mating females do not emerge until later in the season . END
the UNK of workers that appear later tend to be bigger than the first ones , probably because they are better fed . END
by the middle of the summer , many of the larvae apparently receive such a good diet that it is `` optimal '' , and it is then that young queens begin to appear . END
simultaneously , males or UNK are produced , mostly from the UNK eggs of workers , although a few may be produced by the queen . END
the young queens and UNK leave the nest and mate , and after a short period of freedom , the UNK young queens will begin to dig in for the winter . END
it is an amazing fact that in some species this will happen while the summer is still in full swing , for instance , in august . END
the temperature then is still very high . END
at the old nest , the queen will in the early fall cease to lay the UNK eggs that will produce females . END
as a result , the proportion of males ( which leave the nest ) increases , and eventually the old colony will die out completely . END
the nest itself , the structure that in some cases housed about 2,000 individuals when the season was at its peak , is now rapidly destroyed by the UNK larvae of certain UNK and UNK . END
not always , though , does the development of a UNK colony take place in the smooth fashion we have just described . END
some members of the bee family have become UNK , social parasites that live at the expense of their UNK relatives . END
bumblebees can thus suffer severely from the UNK of psithyrus , the `` UNK '' as it is called in some european countries . END
female individuals of psithyrus look UNK like the workers and queens of the bumblebees they UNK . END
the one sure way to tell victim and UNK apart is to examine the UNK legs which in the case of the UNK , psithyrus , lack the pollen UNK -- naturally ! ! END
the female UNK spends much time in her efforts to find a nest of her host . END
when she succeeds , she usually manages to slip in UNK , to deposit an egg on a completed loaf of beebread before the bumblebees seal the egg compartment . END
the hosts never seem to recognize that something is UNK , so that the compartment afterward is sealed normally . END
thus , the larvae of the UNK can develop at the expense of the rightful inhabitants and the store of beebread . END
later on , they and the mother psithyrus are fed by the bombus workers . END
worse still , in a number of cases it has been claimed that the psithyrus female kills the bombus queen . END
but let us return , after this UNK interlude , to our willow catkins in the spring ; ; END
there are other wild bees that command our attention . END
it is almost certain that some of these , usually a trifle smaller than the honeybees , are andrenas or mining bees . END
there are about 200 different kinds of andrena in europe alone . END
one of my favorites is a. UNK , a species very common in england , where it is sometimes referred to as the lawn bee . END
the females like to burrow in the short UNK of well-kept lawns , where their little UNK of earth often appear by the hundreds . END
almost equal in size to a UNK , a. UNK is much more beautiful in color , at least in the female of the species : a rich , UNK , rusty red . END
the males are much UNK . END
after having mated , an andrena female UNK a hole straight down into the ground , forming a burrow about the size of a lead pencil . END
the bottom part of a burrow has a number of side UNK or `` cells '' , each of which is provided with an egg plus a store of beebread . END
the development of the andrena larvae is very rapid , so that by the end of spring they have already UNK and become adults . END
but they are still enclosed in their UNK cells and remain there throughout the summer , fall , and winter . END
their appearance , next spring , coincides in an almost uncanny way with the flowering of their host plants . END
in the UNK valley in california , for instance , it has been observed that there was not one day's difference between the UNK of the andrenas and the opening of the willow catkins . END
this must be due to a completely identical response to the weather , in the plant and the animal . END
after the male and female andrenas have mated , the cycle is repeated . END
although andrena is gregarious , so that we may find hundreds and hundreds of UNK together , we must still call it a solitary bee . END
its life history is much simpler than that of the truly colonial bumblebees and can serve as an example of the life cycle of many other species . END
after all , social life in the group of the bees is by no means general , although it certainly is a striking feature . END
on the basis of its life history , we like to think that andrena is more primitive than the bumblebees . END
the way in which it transports its pollen is not so perfect , either . END
it lacks pollen UNK and possesses only a large number of long , UNK hairs on its legs , on which the pollen grains will collect . END
still andrena will do a reasonably good job , so that an animal with a full pollen load looks like a gay little piece of yellow down floating in the wind . END
closely related to the andrenas are the UNK or alkali bees . END
UNK UNK can be found in tremendous numbers in certain parts of the united states west of the great plains , for example , in utah and central washington . END
in the united states department of UNK UNK of agriculture , 1952 , which is devoted entirely to insects , george e. UNK mentions a site in utah which was estimated to contain 200,000 UNK females . END
often the UNK are only an inch or two apart , and the bee cities cover several acres . END
the life history of the alkali bee is similar to that of andrena , but the first activity of the adults does not take place until summer , and the individuals UNK in the UNK stage . END
in most places , there are two generations a year , a second brood of adults appearing late in the summer . END
i must plead guilty to a special sympathy for UNK . END
this may just be pride in my adopted state of washington , but certainly i love to visit their mound cities near UNK and UNK in july or august , when the bees are in their most active period . END
the name `` alkali bee '' indicates that one has to look for them in rather UNK places . END
sometimes , although by no means always , these are indeed UNK . END
the thing is that these bees love a UNK soil that is moist ; ; END
yet the water in the ground should not be stagnant either . END
they dislike dense UNK . END
where does one find such conditions ? ? END
the best chance , of course , is offered by gently sloping terrain where the water remains close to the surface and where the air is dry , so that a high UNK leaves salty deposits which permit only sparse plant growth . END
many other ( probably nearly all ) snakes at maturity are already more than half their final length . END
UNK m. UNK put length at maturity at two thirds the ultimate length for some rattlesnakes , and charles c. UNK data on michigan UNK and ribbon snakes ( UNK ) show that the smallest UNK females are more than half as long as the biggest adults . END
felix UNK states that `` when the snake reaches its maturity it has already reached about its UNK length '' , but goes on to cite the UNK python as an exception , with maximum length approximately three times that at maturity . END
it is hard to understand how he concluded that most snakes do not grow appreciably after attaining maturity ; ; END
he was working with species of java , so perhaps some tropical snakes are unusual in this respect . END
certain individual giants recorded later did fail to show a reasonable difference after maturity , but it is impossible to know whether this is due to captive conditions . END
additional records of slow growth have been omitted . END
it is possible to make a few generalizations about the six giants themselves . END
there seems to be a rough correlation between the initial and ultimate lengths , starting with the smallest ( boa constrictor ) and ending with the largest ( anaconda ) . END
data on the former are scanty , but there can be little doubt that the latter is sometimes born at a length greater than that of any of the others , thereby lending support to the belief that the anaconda does , indeed , attain the greatest length . END
for four of the six ( the anaconda and the amethystine python cannot be included for lack of data ) there is also a correlation between size at maturity and maximum length , the boa constrictor being the smallest and the indian python the next in size at the former stage . END
let us speculate a little on the maximum size of the anaconda . END
if , in a certain part of the range , it starts life 1 foot longer than do any of the other ( relatively large ) giants , and reaches maturity at , let us guess , 18 inches longer than the others , a UNK of the maturity length would result in a maximum of ( nearly ) 40 feet . END
when it comes to rate of early growth , the indian python leads with a figure of about 3 feet 6 inches per year for the first two years , more or less . END
the african rock python , a close second , is followed in turn by the UNK python . END
there are few data on the boa constrictor , those for the anaconda are UNK , and there is nothing at all on the amethystine python . END
it seems likely that the indian python comes out ahead because records of its growth have been made more carefully and frequently ; ; END
it responds exceptionally well to captivity and does not reach proportions that make it hard to keep . END
i cannot make sense out of the figures for post maturity growth ; ; END
at best the annual increase appears to be a matter of inches rather than feet . END
until better records have been kept over longer periods of time and much more is known about the maximum dimensions , it will be wise to refrain from drawing conclusions . END
it is often stated that the largest snakes require five years to attain maturity , but this apparently is an UNK . END
the best way to determine the correct figure ( in UNK ) is by direct observation of pairs isolated from birth , a method that produced surprising results : UNK of a male indian python in less than two years , his mate in less than three ; ; END
data on the boa constrictor about match this . END
another approach is to estimate from the rate of growth and the smallest size at maturity . END
results from this approach amply confirm the direct observations : about three years are required , there being a possible slight difference between males and females in the time required . END
only the amethystine python and the anaconda must be excluded for lack or UNK of data . END
the following information on snakes varying greatly in size ( but all with less than a UNK maximum ) shows , when considered with the foregoing , that there is probably no correlation between the length of a snake and the time required for it to mature . END
oliver , in his summary of the habits of the snakes of the united states , could supply data on the UNK period for only three species in addition to the UNK , which i shall consider separately . END
these three were much alike : lined snake ( UNK ) , one year and nine months ; ; END
UNK snake ( UNK ) , two years ; ; END
UNK ( UNK ) , two years . END
UNK investigated the rattlesnakes carefully himself and also summarized what others have found . END
he concluded that in the southern species , which are rapidly growing types , females mate at the age of two and a half and bear the first young when they are three . END
other UNK have ascertained that in the northern united states the prairie UNK may not give first birth until it is four or even five years old , and that the young may be born every other year , rather than annually . END
UNK study showed that female common UNK and ribbon snakes of michigan mature at about the age of two . END
UNK UNK are never brought home either alive or preserved , and field measurements are obviously open to doubt because of the universal tendency to exaggerate dimensions . END
measurements of skins are of little value ; ; END
every snake hide is UNK longer than its carcass and intentional stretching presents no difficulty to the unscrupulous explorer . END
in spite of all the UNK , there is a certain amount of agreement on some of the giants . END
the anaconda proves to be the fly in the UNK , but the reason for this is not clear ; ; END
the relatively wild conditions still found in tropical south america might be responsible . END
there are three levels on which to treat the subject . END
the first is the strictly scientific , which demands concrete proof and therefore may UNK on the conservative side by waiting for evidence in the flesh . END
this approach rejects virtually all field measurements . END
the next level attempts to weigh varied evidence and come to a balanced , sensible conclusion ; ; END
field measurements by experienced UNK are not rejected , and even reports of a less scientific nature are duly evaluated . END
the third level UNK on a belief that a lot of smoke means some fire . END
the argument against this last approach is comparable to that which rejects stories about UNK snakes , about snakes that break themselves into many pieces and join up again , or even of ghosts that chase people out of UNK ; ; END
the mere piling up of testimony does not prove , to the scientific mind , the existence of UNK snakes , joint snakes , or ghosts . END
oliver has recently used the UNK approach with the largest snakes , and has come to these conclusions : the anaconda reaches a length of at least 37 feet , the UNK python 33 , the african rock python 25 , the amethystine python at least 22 , the indian python 20 , and the boa constrictor UNK . END
bernard UNK also treats of the largest snakes , but on the third level , and is chiefly concerned with the anaconda . END
he reasons that as anacondas 30 feet long are often found , some might be 38 , and occasional `` monstrous UNK '' over 50 . END
he rejects dimensions of 70 feet and more . END
his UNK chapter includes many exciting accounts of huge UNK with prodigious strength , but these seem to be given to complete his picture , not to be believed . END
detailed information on record lengths of the giants is given in the section that follows . END
growth of the six giants END
discussions of the giants one by one will include , as far as possible , data on these aspects of growth : size at which life is started and at which sexual maturity is reached ; ; END
time required to reach maturity ; ; END
rate of growth both before and after this crucial stage ; ; END
and maximum length , with confirmation or UNK of UNK figures . END
definite information on the growth of UNK individuals is lacking . END
at birth , this species varies considerably in size . END
a brood of twenty-eight born at UNK zoo , near chicago , ranged in length from 22 to UNK inches and averaged 29 inches . END
lawrence e. griffin gives measurements of nineteen young anacondas , presumably members of a brood , from `` south america '' ; ; END
the extreme measurements of these fall between the lower limit of the UNK brood and its average . END
raymond l. UNK had two UNK that averaged 27 inches . END
r. r. mole and f. w. UNK give approximately 20 inches as the average length of a brood of thirty from the region of the UNK UNK . END
william beebe reports 26 inches and UNK UNK ( this snake must have been UNK ) for the length and the weight of a young anaconda from british UNK . END
in contrast , UNK recorded the average length of UNK young of a UNK female as 38 inches , and four young were born in london at a length of 35 or 36 inches and a weight of from 14 to 16 UNK . END
beebe had a UNK anaconda that weighed only UNK UNK . END
a difference between UNK might explain the great range in size . END
i have little information on the UNK rate of growth . END
hans UNK had one that increased from UNK inches to 5 feet 3 inches in five years , and j. j. UNK records a growth of from less than 4 feet to nearly 10 in about six years . END
it is very unlikely that either of these anacondas was growing at a normal rate . END
in 1948 , UNK do UNK , the noted brazilian UNK , wrote a technical paper on the giant snakes . END
he concluded that the UNK maximum length is 12 or 13 ( perhaps 14 ) meters , which would approximate from 39 to 42 feet ( 14 meters is slightly less than 46 feet ) . END
thus , his estimate lies between UNK suggestion of at least 37 feet and the UNK `` monstrous UNK '' intimated by UNK . END
the most convincing recent measurement of an anaconda was made in eastern UNK by UNK UNK , a UNK UNK of the richmond oil company , and reported in 1944 by emmett r. dunn . END
however , as a field measurement , it is open to question . END
UNK UNK feet is partly based on this report and can be accepted as probable . END
however , many UNK remain skeptical and would prefer a tentative maximum of about 30 feet . END
it is possible that especially large anacondas will prove to belong to UNK limited to a small area . END
in snakes difference in size is a common characteristic of UNK . END
a UNK UNK brood of sixteen boa UNK born in the staten island zoo averaged 20 inches . END
this birth length seems to be typical . END
when some thirteen records of newly and recently born individuals are UNK , little or no correlation between length and distribution can be detected . END
the range is from 14 to 25 inches ; ; END
the former figure is based on a somewhat unusual birth of four by a central american female ( see chapter on laying , brooding , hatching , and birth ) , the latter on a `` normal '' newly born individual . END
however , as so many of the records are not certainly based on newborn snakes , these data must be taken tentatively ; ; END
final conclusions will have to await the measurements of UNK from definite localities . END
UNK r. UNK measurements of several very young specimens from brazil suggest that at birth the female is slightly larger than the male . END
i have surprisingly little information on the size and age at maturity . END
carl UNK has written to me of sexual activity in february 1943 of young born in march 1940 . END
one female , collected on an island off the coast of UNK , was UNK and measured 4 feet 8 inches from UNK to vent ( her tail should be between 6 and 7 inches long ) . END
the female from central america which gave birth to four was only 3 feet 11 inches long . END
what data there are on growth indicate considerable variation in rate ; ; END
unfortunately , no one has kept complete records of one individual , whereas many have been made for a very short period of time . END
the results are too varied to allow generalization . END
the bronchus and pulmonary artery in this lung type maintain a close relationship throughout . END
the pulmonary vein , however , without the limiting supportive tissue septa as in type 1 , , follows a more direct path to the hilum and does not maintain this close relationship ( figs. 8 , 22 ) . END
another marked difference is noted here . END
the pulmonary artery , in addition to supplying the distal portion of the respiratory bronchiole , the alveolar UNK , and the alveoli , continues on and directly supplies the thin pleura ( fig. 8 ) . END
the bronchial artery , except for a small number of short branches in the hilum , contributes none of the pleural blood supply . END
it does , as in type 1 , , supply the hilar UNK UNK , the pulmonary artery , the pulmonary vein , the UNK , and the bronchioles -- UNK in a common capillary bed with the pulmonary artery at the level of the respiratory bronchiole . END
no bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were noted in this group . END
lung type 3 ( ( fig. 3 ) is to some degree a composite of types 1 , and 2 . END
it is characterized by the presence of UNK developed secondary UNK ; ; END
well defined , but UNK arranged , interlobular septa and a thick , remarkably UNK pleura ( fig. 9 ) . END
the most distal airways are similar to those found in type 1 , , being composed of numerous , apparently true terminal bronchioles and occasional , poorly developed respiratory bronchioles ( figs. 14 , 15 ) . END
in this instance , because of incomplete UNK , the secondary UNK does not constitute in itself what appears to be a small individual lung as in type 1 . END
UNK from one area to another are , therefore , conceivable . END
UNK the bronchus is situated between a pulmonary artery on one side and a pulmonary vein on the other , as in type 1 ( ( fig. 24 ) . END
this relationship , however , is not maintained centrally . END
here the pulmonary vein , as in type 2 , , is noted to draw away from the bronchus , and to follow a more direct , independent course to the hilum ( figs. 23 , 24 ) . END
the bronchial artery in its course and distribution differs somewhat from that found in other UNK . END
as seen in types 1 , and 2 , , it supplies the hilar UNK UNK , UNK UNK to the pulmonary artery and vein , the UNK and the terminal bronchioles . END
as in type 1 , , it provides arterial blood to the interlobular septa , and an extremely rich UNK pleural supply is seen ( figs. 9 , 10 ) . END
this pleural supply is derived both from hilar and interlobular bronchial artery branches . END
such a dual derivation was strikingly demonstrated during the injection process where initial filling would be noted to occur in several isolated pleural vessels at once . END
some of these were obviously filling from interlobular branches of the bronchial arteries while others were filling from direct hilar branches following along the pleural surface . END
with completion of filling , UNK anastomoses were noted to be present between these separately derived branches . END
an unusual increase in the number of bronchial arteries present within the substance of the lung was noted . END
this was accounted for primarily by the presence of a bronchial artery closely following the pulmonary artery . END
the diameter of this bronchial artery was much too large for it to be a mere UNK UNK ( figs. 16 , 23 , 24 ) . END
in distal regions its diameter would be one-fourth to one-fifth that of the pulmonary artery . END
this vessel could be followed to the parenchyma where it directly provided bronchial arterial blood to the alveolar capillary bed ( figs. 17 , 18 ) . END
also three other direct UNK of alveolar bronchial arterial supply were noted : via the pleura ; ; END
through the interlobular septa ; ; END
and along the terminal bronchiole ( figs. 14 , 17 , 18 , 19 ) . END
one bronchial UNK UNK UNK was noted at the terminal UNK level ( fig. 26 ) . END
it is evident that many marked and striking differences exist between lungs when an UNK comparison is made . END
the significance of these differences has not been studied nor has the existence of corresponding UNK differences been determined . END
however , the dynamics of UNK , from UNK considerations alone , may conceivably be different in the monkey than in the horse . END
the volume and , perhaps , even the characteristics of bronchial arterial blood flow might be different in the dog than in the horse . END
also , interlobular air drifts may be all but UNK in the cow ; ; END
probably occur in the horse much as in the human being ; ; END
and , in contrast , are present to a relatively immense degree on a UNK basis in the dog where UNK are absent ( van allen and UNK , UNK ) . END
a reason for such wide variation in the pulmonary UNK is entirely lacking at present . END
within certain wide limits anatomy dictates function and , if one is permitted to speculate , potential pathology should be included in this statement as well . END
for example , the marked UNK of the monkey to respiratory infection might be related to its delicate , long alveolar ducts and short , large bronchioles situated within a parenchyma entirely lacking in protective supportive tissue barriers such as those found in types 1 , and 3 . END
one might also wonder if UNK are capable of developing UNK as we know it in man or the horse . END
in addition , it would be difficult to imagine chronic generalized emphysema occurring in a cow , considering its marked UNK development but , conversely , not difficult to imagine this occurring in the horse or the dog . END
UNK , the horse lung appears to be remarkably like that of man , insofar as this can be ascertained from comparison of our findings in the horse with those of others ( UNK , UNK ) in the human being . END
the only area in which one might find major disagreement in this matter is in regard to the alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries . END
as early as UNK , le fort claimed an alveolar distribution of the bronchial arteries in human beings . END
in 1951 , this was UNK by UNK . END
the opposition to this point of view has its UNK support in the work of miller ( UNK ) . END
apparently , however , miller has relied heavily on the anatomy in dogs and cats , and he has been criticized for using UNK human material in his normal study ( UNK , UNK ) . END
although miller noted in 1907 that a difference in the pleural blood supply existed between animals , nowhere in his published works is it found that he did a comparative study of the UNK features of various mammalian lungs other than in the dog and cat ( miller , UNK ; ; END
the meaning of this variation in distribution of the bronchial artery as found in the horse is not clear . END
however , this artery is known to be a UNK vessel with a distribution primarily to the UNK airways and supportive tissues of the lung . END
the alveoli and respiratory bronchioles are primarily UNK tissues . END
theoretically , they are capable of extracting their required oxygen either from the surrounding air ( UNK and UNK , UNK ) or from pulmonary arterial blood ( UNK , UNK ) . END
therefore , an explanation of this alveolar bronchial artery supply might be the UNK requirement of an increased amount of supportive tissue , not primarily UNK in nature , in the region of the UNK . END
if this be true , the possibility exists that an UNK UNK of the bronchial arteries might cause widespread UNK of supportive tissue similar to that seen in generalized emphysema . END
one would not expect such an event to occur in animals possessing lungs of types 1 , or 2 . END
the presence of normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses was first noted in UNK by UNK , and thereafter by many others . END
UNK ( UNK ) , UNK ( UNK ) , UNK , UNK and watson ( UNK ) , von UNK ( UNK ) , and UNK ( UNK ) have all claimed their normal but relatively UNK existence in the human being . END
miller ( UNK ) is the principal UNK of this viewpoint . END
in criticism of the latter's views , his conclusions were based upon dog lung injection studies in which all of the UNK channels were first filled with a solution under pressure and then were UNK with various sized colored particles designed to stop at the UNK level . END
as early as 1913 UNK and UNK demonstrated with UNK studies in dogs that bronchial artery flow would remain constant at a certain low level when pressure was maintained in the pulmonary artery and vein , but that increases in bronchial artery flow would occur in response to a relative drop in pulmonary artery pressure . END
berry , UNK and UNK in 1931 and UNK in 1958 UNK this . END
our own studies in which bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses were demonstrated , were accomplished by injecting the bronchial artery first with no pressure on the pulmonary artery or vein , and then by injecting the pulmonary artery and vein afterwards . END
it is distinctly possible , therefore , that simultaneous pressures in all three vessels would have rendered the shunts UNK and hence , UNK . END
this viewpoint is further supported by UNK ( UNK ) demonstration of thickened bronchial artery and UNK muscular coats which are capable of acting as valves . END
in other words , the anastomoses between the bronchial artery and pulmonary artery should be considered as functional or demand shunts . END
in addition , little work has been done on a comparative basis in regard to the normal existence of bronchial artery-pulmonary artery anastomoses . END
UNK ( UNK ; ; END
UNK ) found these shunts in the human being but was unable to find them in UNK . END
ellis , UNK and UNK ( UNK ) also were unable to find them in UNK . END
UNK ( UNK ) was unable to demonstrate their existence , either by UNK or UNK methods , in dogs . END
the possibility that the absence or presence of these shunts is UNK is therefore UNK . END
certainly , the mere fact of failing to demonstrate them in one or another species does not conclusively deny their existence in that species . END
it is , however , highly suggestive and agrees well with our own findings in which we also failed to demonstrate normally occurring bronchial artery-pulmonary artery shunts in certain species , especially the dog . END
in conclusion , these findings suggest the need for a comparative UNK , pathology , and UNK of mammalian lungs . END
in addition , a detailed UNK survey of the incidence of generalized pulmonary emphysema in UNK would be interesting and pertinent . END
also , for the present , great caution should be exercised in the choice of an experimental animal for pulmonary studies if they are to be applied to man . END
this is especially so if the dog , cat or monkey are to be used , in view of their marked anatomical differences from man . END
finally , it is suggested that in many respects the horse lung may be UNK more comparable to that of the human than any other presently known species . END
the main UNK anatomical features of the lungs of various UNK are presented . END
a UNK of these features permits the lungs to be grouped into three distinctive UNK types . END
type 1 , is represented by the cow , sheep , and pig ; ; END
type 2 , , by the dog , cat , and monkey ; ; END
type 3 , , by the horse . END
UNK is extremely well developed in type 1 ; ; END
absent in type 2 ; ; END
UNK developed in type 3 . END
the pleura and interlobular septa are thick in types 1 and 3 . END
the pleura is extremely thin in type 2 and septa are absent . END
arterial supply to the pleura in types 1 and 3 is provided by the bronchial artery , and in type 2 , by the pulmonary artery . END
in types 1 , 2 and 3 the bronchial artery UNK in a capillary bed shared in common with the pulmonary artery at the level of the distal bronchiole . END
in type 3 the bronchial artery also provides blood directly to the alveolar capillary bed . END
true terminal bronchioles comprise the most frequent form taken by the distal airways in types 1 and 3 , although small numbers of poorly developed respiratory bronchioles are present . END
well developed respiratory bronchioles , on the other hand , appear to be the only form taken by the distal airways in type 2 . END
in type 1 the pulmonary vein closely follows the course of the bronchus and the pulmonary artery from the periphery to the hilum . END
this may be due to the heavy interlobular UNK tissue barriers present . END
in type 3 , this general relationship is maintained UNK but not centrally where the pulmonary vein follows a more independent path to the hilum as is the case throughout the lung in type 2 . END
some of the features of the top portions of figure 1 and figure 2 were mentioned in discussing table 1 . END
first , the onset profile spreads across approximately 12 years for boys and 10 years for girls . END
in contrast , 20 of the 21 lines in the completion profile ( excluding center 5 for boys and 4 for girls ) are bunched and extend over a much shorter period , approximately 30 months for boys and 40 months for girls . END
the maturity chart for each sex demonstrates clearly that onset is a phenomenon of infancy and early childhood whereas completion is a phenomenon of the later portion of adolescence . END
second , for both sexes , the 21 transverse lines in the onset profile vary more in individual spread than those in the completion profile . END
although the standard deviation values on which spread of the lines is based are relatively larger for those centers which begin to UNK early ( table 1 ) , there are considerable differences in this value between centers having the closely timed onsets . END
third , the process of UNK is seen to begin later and to continue much longer for these boys than for the girls , a fact which UNK data for other groups of children . END
the onset profile and completion profile are constructed to serve as norms for children . END
it is convenient to classify a child's onset ages and completion ages as `` advanced '' , `` moderate '' ( UNK ) , or `` delayed '' according to whether the child's age equivalent `` dots '' appeared to the left of , upon , or to the right of the appropriate short transverse line . END
when a dot appears close to the end of the transverse line , the `` moderate '' rating may be further classified according to the position of the dot with respect to the vertical marking denoting the mean age . END
such classifications may be called `` somewhat advanced '' or `` somewhat delayed '' , as the case may be , reserving `` moderate '' for dots upon or close to the mean . END
in the lower portion of each chart , the skeletal age ( hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be similarly classified . END
there the middle one of the three curves denotes `` mean skeletal age '' for the maturity series boys and girls . END
the upper curve denotes the mean plus one standard deviation , and the lower curve represents the mean minus one standard deviation . END
thus , a child's skeletal age `` dots '' may be classified as `` advanced '' when they appear above the middle curve , `` moderate '' when they appear immediately above or below the middle curve , and `` delayed '' when they appear below the lower curve . END
to UNK the purpose of the skeletal maturity chart : each contains two kinds of skeletal maturity norms which show two quite different methods of depicting developmental level of growth centers . END
first , the upper portion requires series of films for every child , consisting of those from hand , elbow , shoulder , knee , and foot . END
the lower portion UNK only films of hand . END
second , the upper portion permits comparison of maturity levels of an equal number of growth centers from the long , short , and round bones of the five regions . END
the lower portion permits comparison of maturity levels of short and round bones predominantly , since only two long bones are included in hand and wrist as a region . END
third , the upper portion deals with only two indicators of developmental level , onset and completion . END
the lower portion utilizes the full complement of intermediate maturity indicators of each hand center as well as their onset and completion . END
fourth , the two indicators are for the most part widely separated UNK , with the extensive age gap occurring during childhood for all but one growth center . END
the lower portion provides a rating at any stage between infancy and UNK . END
onsets , completions , and skeletal ages ( hand ) of boy 34 and girl 2 may be directly compared and classified , using only those skeletal ages which appear immediately below the onset profile and the completion profile . END
it may be assumed that differences in ratings due to selection of growth centers from specific regions of the body will be small , according to existing tables of onset age and completion age for centers throughout the body . END
accordingly , maturity level ratings by means of the upper portion and lower portion of the chart , respectively , should be somewhat similar since skeletal age assessments are dependent upon onsets during infancy and upon completions during adolescence . END
it is clear that there are some differences in the ratings , but there is substantial agreement . END
since a skeletal age rating can be made at any age during growth , from elbow , shoulder , knee , or foot as well as hand , it seems to be the method of choice when one wishes to study most aspects of skeletal developmental progress during childhood . END
as stated earlier in the paper , onsets and completions -- particularly the former -- provide a different tool or indicator of expectancy in UNK development , each within a limited age period . END
such an indicator , or indicators , are needed as means of recognizing specific periods of delay in skeletal developmental progress . END
it was stated earlier that one purpose of this study was to extend the analysis of UNK of onset and completion in each of the 21 growth centers somewhat beyond that provided by the data in tables 1 and 2 . END
as one approach to doing this , figures 3 and 4 have be constructed from the mean ages and the individual onset and completion ages for boy 34 and girl 2 . END
the differences between onset age and completion age with respect to the corresponding mean age have been brought into UNK by means of a series of arrows . END
the data for boy 34 appear in figure 3 , and for girl 2 in figure 4 . END
the numbering system used in tables 1 and 2 and figures 1 and 2 was continued for the 21 growth centers . END
the `` dot '' on one end of each arrow indicates extent of difference in months between the child's onset age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . END
the `` tip '' of the arrow represents extent of difference between the child's completion age and the corresponding mean age for the growth center . END
thus , the alignment of the `` dots '' and `` tips '' , respectively , indicate individual UNK of the 21 growth centers of each child with respect to the mean values for these boys and girls . END
the direction in which the arrow points shows how the maturity level of the growth center was changed at completion from the level at onset . END
when the `` dot '' and `` tip '' coincide , the classification used in this paper is `` same schedule '' . END
the length of the arrow indicates amount of slowing or acceleration at completion over that at onset , and the difference in months can be read roughly by referring the arrow to the age scale along the base of each figure , or more precisely by referring to the original data in the appropriate tables . END
the difference between the sequence of onset of ossification for the sexes UNK the numbering sequence in figures 3 and 4 . END
this difference is readily clarified by referring to table 1 . END
for example , arrow 17 in figure 3 portrays the UNK radial epiphysis for boy 34 , whereas the same epiphysis for girl 2 is portrayed by arrow 18 in figure 4 . END
for the boy , this epiphysis was markedly delayed at onset but near the mean at completion . END
thus , the span of its ossification was shortened and the UNK ability to `` catch up '' in ossification is demonstrated . END
in contrast , for the girl the epiphysis was slightly advanced at onset and delayed at completion . END
obviously , the slowing for her may have occurred at any point between onset and completion . END
the skeletal age curve in the lower portion of figure 2 shows that slowing may have occurred for her during the UNK period . END
length of the shaft of these arrows may be evaluated according to the standard deviation values for each center in table 1 . END
we have attempted to simplify the extensive task of analyzing onset ages and completion ages of each child -- more than UNK values for the entire group -- by constructing figures for each of the 21 centers so that the data for all 34 boys and 34 of the girls will appear together for each growth center . END
figures 5 and 6 are examples of our method of analyzing the results for each growth center . END
forty other figures similar to 5 and 6 and the original data used in the construction of all figures and tables in this UNK have been included in the appendix . END
the principles used in making each arrow for figures 3 and 4 were applied to the construction of figures 5 and 6 as well as all figures in the appendix . END
one growth center in a short bone -- distal phalanx of the second finger -- was chosen as an example for discussion here , primarily because UNK fusion , the maturity indicator for completion in long and short bones , occurs in this center for girls near the UNK and for boys near their comparable UNK stage . END
its completion thus becomes one of the convenient maturity indicators to include in studies of growth , dietary patterns , and health during adolescence . END
the following summary , based on figures 5 and 6 , is an example of one way of UNK the 42 figures constructed from onset ages and completion ages of individual children with respect to the appropriate mean age for each growth center . END
at the top of figure 5 , for example , the onset range and completion range lines for the chosen growth center have been drawn for girls according to their mean and standard deviation values in table 1 . END
the 34 arrows , denoting onset age plus completion age deviations , have been UNK in an onset sequence which begins with girl 18 who had the earliest onset of the 34 girls . END
the growth center depicted here , in the distal phalanx of the second finger , is listed as the fifth of those in the seven short bones . END
the mean onset age was UNK months ( table 1 ) , and the average span of the UNK stage was 133 months . END
the correlation ( table 2 ) between onset age and completion age was UNK , and that between onset age and span was UNK . END
with due consideration for the limits of precision in assessing , expected rate of change in ossification of girls age 2 years , and the known variations in rate of ossification of these children as described in our preceding paper in the supplement , each arrow with a `` shaft length '' of four months or less was selected as indicating `` same schedule '' at onset and completion , for this particular epiphysis . END
accordingly , girls 31 , 29 , 33 , 21 , 26 , 13 , 3 , 4 , 14 , 32 , 24 , 25 , 34 , 23 , 6 , 15 , 22 , and 16 may be said to have the `` same schedule '' at onset and completion . END
it seems clear , from the UNK shape of the series of arrows in figure 5 that there was about an equal number of early and late onsets and completions for the 34 girls . END
accordingly , if UNK fusion occurs in this phalanx near UNK , early and late UNK might have been forecast rather precisely at the time of onset of ossification for the 18 girls with `` same schedule '' . END
as an example of the interpretation of an arrow in the figure which exceeds four months in shaft length in conjunction with its position in the figure : girl 2 had a delayed onset and further delayed completion . END
it is of interest that her UNK was somewhat later than the average for the girls in this group . END
a similar analysis of figure 6 for the 34 boys would necessitate quite a different conclusion about the UNK value of onset age in forecasting their attainment of the UNK stage . END
boys 32 , 23 , 31 , 17 , 30 , 19 , and 24 had `` same schedule '' at onset and completion ; ; END
thus early forecasting of the UNK stage would appear possible for only seven boys . END
boy 34 , like girl 2 , did not have `` same schedule '' ; ; END
his arrow crosses the line denoting the mean . END
the `` dot '' on his arrow indicates early onset and the `` tip '' indicates relatively later completion . END
after the 42 figures had been drawn like figures 5 and 6 , classifications of the onset ages and completion ages were summarized from them . END
UNK enough , the effect of the UNK UNK is inhibited by a high concentration of potassium in the incubation medium and is enhanced by the absence of potassium ( UNK , 1960 ) . END
the precise mechanism for organification of iodine in the thyroid is not as yet completely understood . END
however , the formation of UNK bound iodine , mainly UNK , can be accomplished in cell-free systems . END
in the absence of additions to the UNK , the product formed is an iodinated UNK protein ( UNK and UNK , 1953 ; ; END
UNK , potter and UNK , 1955 ; ; END
UNK , potter , UNK , and UNK , 1956 ; ; END
UNK and UNK , 1958 ; ; END
de UNK and UNK , 1960 ) . END
this UNK does not appear to be the same as what is normally present in the thyroid , and there is no evidence so far that thyroglobulin can be iodinated in vitro by cell-free systems . END
in addition , the UNK acid formed in largest quantity in the intact thyroid is di-iodotyrosine . END
if UNK and a system generating hydrogen UNK are added to a cell-free UNK of the thyroid , large quantities of free UNK can be formed ( alexander , 1959 ) . END
it is not clear whether this system bears any resemblance to the in vivo UNK mechanism , and a system generating UNK has not been identified in thyroid tissue . END
on chemical grounds it seems most likely that iodide is first converted to af and then to af as the active UNK species . END
in the thyroid gland it appears that proteins ( chiefly thyroglobulin ) are iodinated and that free UNK and UNK are not iodinated . END
UNK of UNK , however , is not enough for the synthesis of hormone . END
the UNK and di-iodotyrosine must be coupled to form tri-iodothyronine and thyroxine . END
the mechanism of this coupling has been studied in some detail with UNK systems in vitro and can be simulated by certain di-iodotyrosine UNK ( UNK and james , 1958 ) . END
there is so far no evidence to indicate conclusively that this coupling is under enzymatic control . END
the chemical nature of the UNK is discussed below ( pp. 76 et UNK ) . END
little is known of the synthetic mechanisms for formation of thyroglobulin . END
its synthesis has not been demonstrated in cell-free systems , nor has its synthesis by systems with intact thyroid cells in vitro been unequivocally proven . END
there is some reason to think that thyroglobulin synthesis may proceed independently of UNK , for in certain UNK UNK of the rat thyroid containing essentially no iodinated thyroglobulin , a protein that appears to be thyroglobulin has been observed in UNK experiments ( UNK , robbins and rall , 1959 ) . END
similar findings have been noted in a patient with UNK absence of the organification enzymes , whose thyroid tissue could only concentrate iodide . END
in addition , depending on availability of dietary iodine , thyroglobulin may contain varying quantities of iodine . END
since the circulating thyroid UNK are the UNK acids thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine ( cf. section c ) , it is clear that some mechanism must exist in the thyroid gland for their release from proteins before UNK . END
the presence of several proteases and UNK has been demonstrated in the thyroid . END
one of the proteases has ph optimum of about UNK and another of about UNK ( UNK , stanley and UNK , 1954 ; ; END
UNK , robbins and rall , 1955 ) . END
the finding that the concentration of one of these proteases is increased in thyroid glands from UNK animals suggests that this UNK may be active in vivo . END
there is no conclusive evidence yet that either of the proteases has been prepared in highly purified form nor is their specificity known . END
a study of their activity on thyroglobulin has shown that thyroxine is not UNK released and that the UNK proceeds UNK with the formation of UNK intermediates ( UNK , UNK and rall , 1956 ) . END
besides UNK enzymes the thyroid possesses UNK enzymes . END
a UNK UNK with a ph optimum of around 8 , and requiring reduced UNK UNK for activity , has been identified in the thyroid ( UNK , 1957 ) . END
this UNK enzyme is effective against UNK and di-iodotyrosine , but does not UNK thyroxine or tri-iodothyronine . END
it is assumed that the iodine released from the UNK remains in the iodide pool of the thyroid , where it is UNK and UNK into thyroglobulin . END
the thyroxine and tri-iodothyronine released by UNK and so escaping UNK presumably diffuse into the blood stream . END
it has been shown that thyroglobulin UNK thyroxine , but the binding does not appear to be particularly strong . END
it has been suggested that the plasma UNK proteins , which have an extremely high affinity for thyroxine , compete with thyroglobulin for thyroxine ( UNK and UNK , 1957 ) . END
antithyroid drugs are of two general types . END
one type has a small UNK UNK of the UNK type . END
this ion UNK thyroid hormone synthesis by interfering with iodide concentration in the thyroid . END
it does not appear to affect the UNK mechanism as such . END
the other group of antithyroid agents or drugs is UNK by UNK . END
these drugs have no effect on the iodide concentrating mechanism , but they inhibit organification . END
the mechanism of action of these drugs has not been completely worked out , but certain of them appear to act by reducing the UNK form of iodine before it can UNK thyroglobulin ( UNK , 1954 ) . END
on the other hand , there are a few antithyroid drugs of this same general type , such as UNK , possessing no reducing activity and possibly acting through formation of a complex with molecular iodine . END
any of the antithyroid drugs , of either type , if given in large enough doses for a long period of time will cause UNK , owing to inhibition of thyroid hormone synthesis , with production of UNK . END
the anterior UNK of the pituitary then responds by an increased output of tsh , causing the thyroid to enlarge . END
the effect of drugs that act on the UNK mechanism can be UNK by addition of relatively large amounts of iodine to the diet . END
the antithyroid drugs of the UNK type , however , are not UNK by such means . END
besides those of the UNK and UNK types , certain antithyroid drugs have been found in naturally occurring foods . END
the most conclusively identified is UNK , which was isolated from UNK ( greer , 1950 ) . END
it is presumed to occur in other members of the UNK family . END
there is some evidence that naturally occurring UNK may play a role in the development of UNK , particularly in UNK and australia ( UNK and UNK , 1956 ) . END
there it seems that the UNK ingested by dairy animals is itself inactive but is converted in the animal to an active UNK , which is then UNK in the milk . END
besides the presence of UNK in the diet , the level of iodine itself in the diet plays a major role in governing the activity of the thyroid gland . END
in the experimental animal and in man gross deficiency in dietary iodine causes thyroid UNK , UNK and increased thyroid activity ( money , rall and UNK , 1952 ; ; END
UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , and del UNK , 1954 ) . END
in man the normal level of iodine in the diet and the level necessary to prevent development of UNK is about 100 UNK per day . END
with lower levels , thyroid UNK and increased thyroid UNK enable the thyroid to UNK a larger proportion of the daily intake of iodine . END
further , the gland is able to UNK a larger fraction of the thyroid hormone UNK UNK . END
in the presence of a low iodine intake , thyroglobulin UNK in vivo with af is found to contain more UNK than normal , the amounts of di-iodotyrosine and UNK being UNK reduced . END
this appears to result from both a reduced amount of the iodine substrate and a more rapid UNK of newly iodinated thyroglobulin . END
if the deficiency persists long enough , it is reasonable to suppose that the af label will reflect the af distribution in the thyroglobulin . END
similar results might be expected from the influence of drugs or pathological conditions that limit iodide UNK , or organification , or accelerate thyroglobulin UNK . END
the name UNK hormone ( tsh ) has been given to a substance found in the anterior pituitary gland of all species of animal so tested for its presence . END
the hormone has also been called UNK or UNK hormone . END
at the present time we do not know by what UNK mechanism tsh acts on the thyroid , but for UNK of the hormone there are a number of properties by which its activity may be estimated , including release of iodine from the thyroid , increase in thyroid weight , increase in mean height of the UNK cells and increase in the UNK uptake of af . END
here we shall restrict discussion to those methods that appear sufficiently sensitive and precise for determining the concentration of tsh in blood . END
brown ( 1959 ) has reviewed generally the various methods of UNK tsh , and the reader is referred to her paper for further information on the subject . END
chemical constitution and physical properties of pituitary tsh END
as long ago as 1851 it was pointed out by UNK ( 1851 ) that there is a connection between the pituitary and the thyroid . END
this connection was clarified by smith and smith ( 1922 ) , who showed that saline extracts of fresh UNK pituitary glands could UNK the UNK UNK of UNK UNK . END
the first attempts to isolate tsh came a decade later , when janssen and UNK ( 1931 ) used UNK acid to separate the UNK tsh from insoluble impurities . END
after their work other investigators applied UNK techniques to the problem , as well as UNK with organic UNK , such as acetone . END
albert ( 1949 ) has concluded that the most active preparations of tsh made during this period , from 1931 to 1945 , were probably about 100 to 300 times as potent as the starting material . END
much of this work has been reviewed by white ( 1944 ) and by albert ( 1949 ) . END
developments up to about 1957 have been discussed by UNK ( 1958 ) . END
in the last few years , the application of UNK and other modern techniques to the problem of isolating tsh has led to further UNK ( bates and UNK , 1960 ; ; END
pierce , UNK and UNK , 1960 ) . END
the most active preparations obtained by these two groups of investigators appear to be similar in potency , composition and physical properties . END
two problems present themselves in considering any hormone in blood . END
first , is the circulating form of the hormone the same as that found in the gland where it is UNK and stored ? ? END
second , what is its concentration in normal circumstances and in what circumstances will this concentration depart from the normal level and in which direction ? ? END
it is therefore necessary to consider the properties of pituitary tsh if the fragmentary chemical information about blood tsh is to be discussed UNK . END
the importance of knowing in what chemical forms the hormone may exist is UNK by the recent observation that there exists an UNK UNK tsh in blood drawn from many UNK patients ( adams , 1958 ) . END
whether this UNK tsh differs chemically from pituitary tsh , or is , UNK , normal tsh with its period of effectiveness modified by some other blood constituent , cannot be decided without chemical study of the activity in the blood of these patients and a comparison of the substance responsible for the blood activity with pituitary aj . END
in evaluating data on the concentration of tsh in blood , one must examine critically the UNK methods used to obtain them . END
the introduction of the united states UNK reference standard in 1952 and the UNK and UNK of the UNK and international units of UNK activity have made it possible to compare results published by different investigators since that time . END
we should like to UNK the importance of stating results solely in terms of international units of tsh activity and of avoiding the UNK of biological units . END
for the most part , this discussion will be confined to results obtained since the introduction of the reference standard . END
standard preparations and units of UNK activity END
the international unit ( u. ) , adopted to make possible the comparison of results from different laboratories ( UNK and perry , 1955 ) , has been defined as the amount of activity present in UNK mg of the international standard preparation . END
the international unit is UNK with the UNK unit adopted in 1952 , which was defined as the amount of activity present in 20 mg of the UNK reference substance . END
muscle weakness is now recognized as an uncommon though serious complication of UNK therapy , with most of the synthetic UNK UNK in clinical use . END
although UNK have shown structural changes in some of the reported cases of UNK weakness , this case provides the only example known to us in which UNK afforded the opportunity for extensive study of multiple muscle groups . END
the case described in this paper is that of an older man who developed UNK muscular weakness while receiving a variety of UNK for a UNK anemia . END
this patient was a UNK white male UNK who entered the new york hospital for his fourth and terminal admission on june 26 , 1959 , because of UNK weakness and general UNK . END
in 1953 the patient developed an unexplained anemia for which 15 blood transfusions were given over a period of 4 years . END
UNK was first noted in 1956 , and a UNK marrow UNK at that time showed `` scattered UNK of fibrosis '' suggestive of UNK . END
no additional transfusions were necessary after the institution of UNK in july , 1957 , in an initial dose of 40 mg. daily with gradual UNK to 10 mg. daily . END
this UNK was continued until february , 1958 . END
in february , 1958 , the patient suffered a UNK UNK complicated by pulmonary UNK . END
additional findings at this time included UNK , peripheral UNK UNK , and UNK . END
the hemoglobin was UNK gm. . END
therapy included UNK and UNK . END
later , UNK and salt restriction became necessary to control the UNK of chronic UNK failure . END
because of increasing anemia , triamcinolone , 8 mg. daily , was started on feb. 23 , 1958 , and was continued until july , 1958 . END
in september , 1958 , the patient developed generalized weakness and fatigue which was concurrent with UNK of his anemia ; ; END
the hemoglobin was UNK gm. . END
in an attempt to reverse the downhill trend by stimulating the bone marrow and controlling any UNK component , triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was begun on sept. 26 , 1958 , and continued until feb. 18 , 1959 . END
at first the patient felt stronger , and the hemoglobin rose to UNK gm. , but on oct. 20 , 1958 , he complained of `` UNK in '' in his knees . END
by nov. 8 , 1958 , weakness , specifically involving the UNK and thigh UNK , was pronounced , and a common complaint was `` difficulty in stepping up on to UNK '' . END
UNK , 30 mg. daily , was substituted for triamcinolone from nov. 22 until dec. 1 , 1958 , without any improvement in the weakness . END
serum potassium at this time was UNK UNK per UNK , and the hemoglobin was UNK gm. by dec. 1 , 1958 , the weakness in the UNK and UNK muscle groups was appreciably worse , and it became difficult for the patient to rise unaided from a sitting or UNK position . END
triamcinolone , 16 mg. daily , was resumed and maintained until feb. 18 , 1959 . END
UNK was omitted for a UNK period , but there was no change in the muscle weakness . END
at this time a detailed UNK examination revealed diffuse muscle atrophy that was moderate in the hands and feet , but marked in the shoulders , hips , and UNK UNK , with UNK UNK reflexes . END
no UNK or sensory defects were found . END
UNK revealed no evidence of lower motor UNK disease . END
thyroid function tests yielded normal results . END
the UNK iodine was UNK mg. , and the radioactive iodine uptake over the thyroid gland was UNK in 24 hours , with a conversion ratio of UNK . END
a UNK test demonstrated normal absorption of vitamin af . END
in february , 1959 , during the second admission to the new york hospital , a UNK specimen of the left gastrocnemius showed striking increase in the UNK sheath nuclei and UNK muscle fibers in several sections . END
serial serum potassium levels remained normal ; ; END
the serum UNK UNK UNK was 10 units per UNK per UNK . END
the clinical impression at this time was either muscular UNK or UNK . END
on feb. 12 , 1959 , purified UNK ( UNK UNK ) , 20 units daily UNK , was started but had to be discontinued 3 weeks later because of excessive fluid retention . END
from march 3 to may 1 , 1949 , the patient was maintained on UNK , 3 to 6 mg. daily . END
in may 1959 , UNK , 30 mg. daily , replaced the UNK . END
muscle weakness did not improve , and the patient needed first a cane , then crutches . END
in spite of normal thyroid function tests , a trial of UNK , 400 mg. daily for one week , was given but served only to intensify muscle weakness . END
repeated attempts to withdraw UNK entirely were unsuccessful because increased muscle weakness resulted , as well as fever , malaise , UNK , anxiety , and an UNK of the anemia . END
these reactions were interpreted as being manifestations of UNK . END
severe back pain in june , 1959 , prompted a third hospital admission . END
extensive UNK with partial collapse of UNK was found . END
a UNK diet , calcium UNK supplements , and UNK failed to change the skeletal complaint or the severe muscle weakness . END
the terminal hospital admission on june 27 , 1959 , was necessitated by continued weakness and UNK complicated by UNK retention and painful UNK UNK . END
x-ray films of the UNK column showed UNK of the UNK . END
on july 4 , 1959 , the patient developed marked abdominal pain and UNK , went into shock , and died . END
the body was that of a UNK , somewhat UNK white man weighing 108 lb. . END
there were UNK UNK and UNK UNK , and the mouth was UNK . END
the heart weighed UNK gm. , and at the UNK tracts the left and right UNK measured 19 and 3 mm. , respectively . END
the coronary arteries were UNK and UNK narrowed throughout their courses , and the right coronary artery was virtually occluded by a yellow UNK UNK 1.5 cm. distal to its origin . END
the UNK of the posterior base of the left UNK was replaced by gray scar tissue over a 7.5 cm. area . END
the valves were normal except for thin yellow plaques on the inferior surface of the UNK UNK . END
microscopically , sections from the posterior base of the left UNK of the heart showed several large areas of replacement of muscle by fibrous tissue . END
in addition , other sections contained focal areas of recent UNK UNK that were UNK with neutrophils . END
many of the UNK fibers were UNK and had large , irregular , UNK nuclei . END
the UNK of the larger coronary arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue containing UNK UNK and UNK cells . END
the UNK surface of the UNK was covered with UNK , UNK , hard , UNK plaques along its entire course , and there was a marked narrowing of the UNK of the large major visceral arteries . END
in particular , the UNK of the right UNK and UNK arteries were virtually occluded , and both UNK common UNK arteries were completely occluded . END
the lungs weighed together UNK gm. . END
on the surfaces of both lungs there were UNK UNK measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter . END
the parenchyma was slightly UNK in the apex of the left lung , and there were several firm , gray , UNK UNK measuring as large as 3 mm. . END
microscopically , there was emphysema , fibrosis , and UNK congestion . END
UNK laden with brown pigment were seen in some of the alveoli , and the UNK of some of the small arteries was thickened by fibrous tissue . END
the firm red UNK weighed UNK gm. , and its surface was UNK by discrete , small patches of white material . END
the UNK cells UNK the UNK were prominent , and many contained large quantities of UNK . END
some of the UNK contained large numbers of UNK red cells , and cells of the UNK series were found in small numbers . END
there were slight fibrosis and marked UNK . END
the liver weighed UNK gm. , was brown in color , and the cut surface was UNK by irregular pale areas . END
microscopically , there was UNK of the central veins , and there was some atrophy of adjacent parenchyma . END
some liver cord cells contained UNK cytoplasm , while others had small amounts of brown UNK pigment . END
the UNK contained about 40 cc. of UNK UNK and 3 smooth , UNK UNK measuring up to 1 cm. in diameter . END
the mucosa of the stomach was UNK and irregularly blackened over a 14 cm. area . END
the small and large UNK were filled with gas , and the UNK was UNK to about 2 times its normal UNK . END
the small UNK and UNK contained approximately 300 cc. of UNK , UNK material , and the mucosa throughout was UNK and UNK UNK . END
a careful search failed to show UNK of any of the UNK vessels . END
microscopically , the mucosa of the stomach showed extensive UNK and contained large numbers of UNK bacterial rods . END
the UNK was UNK UNK with neutrophils . END
the mucosa of the UNK and UNK showed similar changes , and in some areas the UNK was UNK and contained considerable numbers of neutrophils . END
some of the small vessels were filled with UNK UNK , and there was extensive UNK hemorrhage . END
a section of the UNK revealed intense UNK and extensive focal UNK of the mucosa , associated with much UNK and many neutrophils . END
cultures taken from the UNK yielded UNK UNK , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , and UNK UNK . END
the kidneys were pale and weighed right , 110 gm. , and left , 230 gm. . END
the surfaces were UNK and finely UNK and punctuated by clear , UNK UNK measuring up to 3 cm. in diameter . END
on the surface of the right kidney there were also 2 yellow , firm , UNK raised areas measuring up to 2 cm. in diameter . END
microscopically , both kidneys showed many small UNK scars in which there was UNK and UNK fibrosis , tubular atrophy , and an infiltration of UNK and plasma cells . END
occasional UNK contained UNK casts UNK with neutrophils . END
throughout , there were marked UNK and UNK of UNK UNK UNK . END
these changes were more marked in the UNK right kidney than in the left . END
in addition , there were 2 small UNK UNK in the right kidney . END
the bone of the UNK bodies , ribs , and UNK was soft and was easily compressed . END
the marrow of the UNK bodies was pale and showed areas of fatty replacement . END
microscopically , there were many areas of UNK UNK with areas of UNK . END
the cells of the UNK , UNK , and UNK series were normal except for their numbers . END
there was no evidence of fibrosis . END
the muscles of the UNK , chest wall , neck , and abdominal wall were soft , pale , and UNK . END
microscopic studies of the gastrocnemius , UNK major , UNK UNK , UNK UNK , and diaphragm showed atrophy as well as varying degrees of injury ranging from swelling and UNK to focal UNK of the muscle fibers . END
these changes were most marked in the gastrocnemius and UNK and less evident in the UNK , diaphragm , and UNK . END
in the gastrocnemius and UNK there were many swollen and homogeneous UNK fibers such as that shown in figure 2 . END
such swollen fibers were deeply UNK , contained a few UNK nuclei , and showed loss of UNK , UNK of UNK , and prominent UNK . END
the UNK often involved only a portion of the length of a given fiber , and usually the immediately adjacent fibers were normal . END
as shown in figure 3 , the UNK of other fibers was pale , UNK , or UNK and invaded by UNK . END
UNK cells were strikingly absent . END
in association with these changes in the fibers , there were striking alterations in the muscle nuclei . END
these were increased both in number and in size , contained prominent UNK , and were distributed throughout the fiber ( figs. 2 - 5 ) . END
in contrast to the nuclear changes described above , another change in muscle nuclei was seen , usually occurring in fibers that were somewhat smaller than normal but that showed distinct UNK and UNK . END
the nuclei of these fibers , as is shown in figures 3 and 4 , showed remarkable proliferation and were closely approximated , forming a UNK structure at either the center or the periphery of the fiber . END
individual nuclei were usually oval to round , though occasionally elongated , and frequently small and somewhat UNK . END
at times , clumps of 10 to 15 UNK nuclei were also observed . END
occasionally there were small UNK fibers that were devoid of UNK and contained many UNK nuclei with prominent UNK ( fig. 5 ) . END
these were thought to represent UNK fibers . END
UNK stains failed to show fibrosis in the involved muscles . END
in all of the sections examined , the UNK and small arteries were essentially normal . END
in attempting to improve specificity of staining , the UNK UNK used in both direct and indirect methods were treated in one of several ways : ( 1 ) they were passed through dowex-2-chloride twice and treated with acetone insoluble powders ( UNK , 1958 ) prepared from mouse liver or from healthy sweet clover stems or crown gall tissue produced by UNK UNK ( e. f. smith & UNK ) on sweet clover stems . END
( 2 ) the conjugates as well as the intermediate sera were absorbed for 30 minutes with 20 - 50 mg of proteins extracted from healthy sweet clover stems . END
the proteins were extracted with 3 volumes of af in af to give a nearly neutral extract and precipitated by UNK saturation with af . END
the UNK was washed twice with an UNK saturated solution of af , dissolved in a small quantity of 0.1 m neutral phosphate buffer , dialyzed against cold distilled water till free from UNK ions , and UNK using liquid nitrogen . END
( 3 ) in other experiments the indirect conjugate was treated with 3 volumes of ethyl acetate as recommended by UNK and UNK ( 1957 ) . END
( 4 ) the conjugates were passed through a UNK ( UNK ) cellulose column UNK with neutral phosphate buffer ( pbs ) containing af potassium phosphate and af . END
the technique of cutting sections was essentially the same as that described by UNK et al ( 1951 ) . END
root and stem tumors from sweet clover plants infected with wtv were UNK in liquid nitrogen , embedded in ice , and cut at 3 - 6 UNK in a UNK maintained at UNK to UNK . END
the sections were mounted on cold slides UNK with UNK adhesive ( UNK , 1940 ) in earlier experiments , and in later experiments with a different mixture of the same components reported by UNK and UNK ( 1959 ) . END
the latter adhesive was found to be much more satisfactory . END
the sections were then UNK by placing a finger under the slide and dried under a fan for 30 minutes ; ; END
until used they were stored for as long as 2 weeks . END
the sections were fixed in acetone for 15 minutes and dried at UNK for 30 minutes . END
some of them were then covered with a drop of af in a moist chamber at UNK for 30 - 40 minutes . END
as controls other sections were similarly covered with aj . END
sections were then washed with pbs for 15 - 30 minutes . END
after UNK out most of the saline around the sections , a drop of af was UNK over each of the sections , allowed to react for 30 minutes , and then washed with pbs for 15 - 30 minutes . END
after UNK out most of the liquid around the sections , the latter were mounted in buffered glycerine ( 7 parts glycerine to 3 parts of pbs ) . END
after drying the sections under the fan , fixing in acetone , and drying at UNK as in the indirect method , the sections were treated with conjugated af or af ( UNK unless mentioned otherwise ) for 5 - 30 minutes . END
as controls , other sections were similarly treated with af or conjugated antiserum to the new york strain of potato UNK virus ( UNK and black , 1956 ) . END
the sections were then washed with pbs for 15 - 30 minutes and mounted in buffered glycerine . END
stained or UNK sections were examined under dark field illumination in a UNK fluorescence microscope equipped with a mercury vapor lamp ( UNK UNK 200 ) . END
the light beam from the lamp was filtered through a UNK thickness UNK 1840 filter . END
in the UNK a UNK 2 b filter was used to filter off UNK ultra-violet light . END
a red filter , UNK barrier filter with the code ( UNK ) designation UNK 23 , was also used in the UNK lens assembly as it improved the contrast between specific and nonspecific fluorescence . END
in the first few experiments af was passed through dowex-2-chloride twice and absorbed twice with 50 - 100 mg sweet clover tissue powder . END
the intermediate sera were also similarly absorbed with tissue powder . END
sections of sweet clover stem and root tumors were treated with 1 : 10 solution of af for 30 minutes , washed in buffered saline for 15 minutes , stained with af for 30 minutes , and washed for 15 minutes in aj . END
such sections showed bright UNK specific fluorescence in the cells of the pseudophloem tissue ( lee and black , 1955 ) . END
this specific fluorescence was readily distinguished from the light green nonspecific fluorescence in consecutive sections stained with 1 : 10 dilution of ns and af or with af alone . END
UNK sections mounted in buffered glycerine or sections treated only with ns or af did not show such green fluorescence . END
sections of crown gall tissue similarly stained with either af and af or ns and af also showed only the light green nonspecific fluorescence . END
however , the nonspecific staining by the af in tumor sections was considered bright enough to be confused with the staining of small amounts of wtv antigen . END
two UNK of af with ethyl acetate or two UNK of af ( which had been passed through dowex-2-chloride ) , ns and af with crown gall tissue powder , or mouse liver powder did not further improve the specificity of staining . END
treatment of all the sera with sweet clover proteins greatly reduced nonspecific fluorescence , especially when the treated conjugate was diluted to 1 : 2 with UNK saline . END
in all the above procedures , when the intermediate sera were diluted to 1 : 10 or 1 : 100 with UNK saline , the specific and nonspecific fluorescence were not appreciably reduced , whereas , a dilution of the intermediate sera to 1 : 500 or UNK the af to 1 : 5 greatly reduced specific fluorescence . END
rinsing the sections with pbs before UNK the intermediate sera did not improve the staining reaction . END
in addition to other treatments , treating the sections with normal sheep serum for half an hour before UNK af did not reduce nonspecific staining . END
the only treatment by which nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily removed was by passing the conjugate through a deae-cellulose column . END
when 1 ml of conjugate was passed through a column ( af ) , the first and second UNK fractions collected were the most specific and gave no nonspecific staining in some experiments , and very little in others . END
in the latter cases an additional treatment of the UNK af with 50 mg of sweet clover stem tissue powder further improved the specificity . END
after these treatments the conjugate did not stain healthy or crown gall sweet clover tissues or stained them a very faint green which was easily distinguishable from the bright UNK specific staining . END
with this purified conjugate the best staining procedure consisted of treating the sections with 1 : 10 dilution of af for 30 minutes , washing with pbs for 15 minutes , staining with af for 30 minutes , and washing with pbs for 15 minutes . END
the specificity of staining in wtv tumors with af and af but not with ns and af or with antiserum to potato UNK virus and af , and the absence of such staining in crown gall tumor tissue from UNK , indicate that an antigen of wtv was being stained . END
af was first conjugated with 50 mg of UNK per gram of globulin . END
this conjugate was passed twice through dowex-2-chloride and treated with various tissue powders in the same manner as described for the indirect method . END
in all cases a disturbing amount of nonspecific staining was still present although it was still distinguishable from specific fluorescence . END
in later experiments , af and af were prepared by UNK 8 mg of UNK per gram of globulin . END
these conjugates af had much less nonspecific staining than the previous conjugate ( with 50 mg UNK per gram of globulin ) while the specific staining was similar in both cases . END
nonspecific staining could be satisfactorily eliminated by passing these conjugates through a deae-cellulose column as described for af . END
the best staining procedure with this purified af consisted of staining with the conjugate for 30 minutes and washing in pbs for 15 minutes . END
the specificity of staining with af was established as follows : af specifically stained tumor sections but not sections of healthy sweet clover stems or of crown gall tumor tissue from sweet clover . END
sections of tumors UNK by wtv were not similarly stained with conjugated normal serum or conjugated antiserum to potato UNK virus . END
after passing af through deae-cellulose , the titer of antibodies to wtv in the specific fraction was 1 : 4 of the titer before such passage ( UNK ring tests by r. f. UNK ) ; ; END
but mere dilution of the conjugate to 1 : 4 did not satisfactorily remove nonspecific staining . END
this indicates that increase in specificity of af after passing it through deae-cellulose was not merely due to dilution . END
specific staining by deae-cellulose treated af and af , although clearly distinguishable under the microscope from either nonspecific staining or UNK of cells , was not satisfactorily photographed to show such differences in spite of many attempts with black and white and color photography . END
this was chiefly because of the UNK white UNK from the cells . END
the UNK from the walls of the xylem cells was particularly brilliant . END
results of specific staining by the direct and the indirect methods were similar and showed the UNK of wtv antigen in certain tissues of tumors . END
the virus antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue . END
frequently a few isolated UNK cells or , rarely , groups of such cells in the xylem region , were also specifically stained , but there was no such staining in UNK , cortex , most xylem cells , ray cells , or UNK . END
within the pseudophloem cells the distribution of wtv antigen was irregular in the cytoplasm . END
no antigen was detectable in certain dark spherical areas in most cells . END
these areas are thought to represent the nuclei . END
in some tumor sections small spherical bodies , possibly UNK bodies ( UNK and black , 1952 ) stained more intensely than the rest of cytoplasm and probably contained more antigen . END
in all cases studied tissues of the stem on which the tumor had developed did not contain detectable amounts of wtv antigen . END
in both the direct and indirect methods of staining , the conjugates had UNK staining fractions . END
in the indirect method , this was evident from the fact that tumor sections were stained light green even when stained with ns and af or with af only . END
in the direct method , af , not further treated , stained certain tissues of healthy sweet clover stems UNK and wtv tumor sections were similarly stained by comparable af . END
after af and af were passed through dowex-2-chloride twice and treated twice with healthy sweet clover tissue powder , nonspecific staining was greatly reduced but a disturbing amount of such staining was still present . END
treatment of the conjugates with ethyl acetate , and the conjugates ( which had been passed through dowex-2-chloride ) with mouse liver powder , sweet clover crown gall tissue powder , or healthy sweet clover proteins did not satisfactorily remove UNK staining substances in the conjugates . END
such treatments of the conjugates have usually been successful in eliminating nonspecific staining in several other systems ( UNK , 1958 ) . END
UNK and UNK ( 1959 ) did not report any such nonspecific staining of plant tissues with UNK UNK antiserum to tobacco mosaic virus . END
the reason for the failure of these treatments to eliminate nonspecific staining in the conjugates in our system is not known . END
in our work the best procedure for removing substances causing nonspecific staining in order to obtain specific conjugates was to pass the conjugates through a deae-cellulose column and in some cases to absorb the first and second UNK fractions with sweet clover tissue powder . END
the specific staining by both direct and indirect methods showed that wtv antigen was concentrated in the pseudophloem tissue and in a few UNK cells in the xylem region , but was not detectable in any other tissues of the root and stem tumors . END
a study of the distribution of wtv antigen within the pseudophloem cells indicates that it is irregularly distributed in the cytoplasm . END
UNK virus is a UNK transmitted virus not easily UNK by mechanical UNK ( black , 1944 ; ; END
UNK et al , 1954 ) . END
the concentration and apparent UNK of the wtv antigen in pseudophloem tissue of the tumor may indicate that the virus UNK UNK in the UNK and may need to be directly placed in this tissue in order to UNK plants . END
since emotional reactions in the higher UNK depend on individual experience and are aroused in man , in addition , by complex symbols , one would expect that the hypothalamus could be excited from the cortex . END
in experiments with topical application of strychnine on the cerebral cortex , the transmission of impulses from the cortex to the hypothalamus was demonstrated . END
moreover , the responsiveness of the hypothalamus to UNK stimulation is greatly increased under these conditions . END
even more complex and obviously UNK induced forms of emotional UNK could be elicited in monkey a on seeing monkey b ( but not a rabbit ) in emotional stress . END
a previously UNK conditioned reaction was restored in monkey a and was associated with typical signs of emotional excitement including sympathetic discharges . END
it seems to follow that by and large an antagonism exists between the UNK and the neocortex as far as emotional reactivity is concerned , and that the balance between the two systems determines the emotional responsiveness of the organism . END
in addition , the UNK relations play a great role in UNK , as UNK interesting experiment on the `` communication of affect '' demonstrates . END
but even in relatively primitive laboratory animals such as the rat , sex activity closely identified with the hypothalamus and the visceral brain is enhanced by the neocortex . END
UNK stressed correctly the importance of the visceral brain for preservation of the individual and the species , as evidenced by the influence of the UNK brain ( including the hypothalamus ) on emotions related to fight and flight and also on sexual functions . END
it should be added that in man UNK interrelations probably play a role in the fusion of emotional processes with those underlying perception , memory , imagination , and creativity . END
previous experiences are obviously of great importance for the qualitative and quantitative emotional response . END
the visceral brain as well as the neocortex is known to contribute to memory , but this topic is beyond the scope of this paper . END
hypothalamic balance and its significance END
after this brief discussion of UNK , UNK , and UNK relations , let us return once more to the problem of hypothalamic balance and its physiological and pathological significance . END
UNK processes take place between neocortex and hypothalamus via ascending and descending UNK . END
thus UNK discharges induced by topical application of strychnine to a minute area in the neocortex UNK with UNK present in the hypothalamus and cause increased UNK discharges . END
on the other hand , the temporary reduction in hypothalamic excitability through the injection of a UNK into the posterior hypothalamus causes a lessening in frequency and amplitude of UNK strychnine UNK until the hypothalamic excitability is restored . END
apparently , a positive feedback exists between the posterior hypothalamus and the cerebral cortex . END
consequently , if for any reason the hypothalamic excitability falls below the physiological level , the lessened hypothalamic-cortical discharges lead to a diminished state of activity in the cortex with consequent reduction in the UNK discharges . END
obviously , a vicious cycle develops . END
this tendency can be broken either by restoring hypothalamic excitability directly or via UNK UNK . END
it is believed that drug therapy and UNK involve the former and psychotherapy the latter mechanism . END
before we comment further on these pathological conditions , we should remember that changes in the state of the hypothalamus within physiological limits distinguish sleep from UNK . END
thus , a low intensity of hypothalamic-cortical discharges prevails in sleep and a high one during UNK , resulting in UNK UNK potentials in the former and UNK in the latter condition . END
moreover , the dominance in parasympathetic action ( with reciprocal inhibition of the sympathetic ) at the hypothalamic level UNK , by its peripheral action , the autonomic symptoms of sleep and , by its action on the cortex , a lessening in the reactivity of the sensory and motor apparatus of the UNK nervous system . END
with the dominance of the sympathetic division of the hypothalamus , the opposite changes occur . END
since electrical stimulation of the posterior hypothalamus produces the effects of UNK while stimulation of the anterior hypothalamus UNK sleep , it may be said that the reactivity of the whole organism is altered by a change in the autonomic reactivity of the hypothalamus . END
similar effects can be induced UNK via the UNK reflexes in man and animals . END
of particular importance is the study of the actions of drugs in this respect . END
although no drugs act exclusively on the hypothalamus or a part of it , there is sufficient specificity to distinguish drugs which shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side from those which produce a parasympathetic dominance . END
the former comprise UNK and UNK drugs , the latter the tranquilizers . END
specific differences exist in the action of different drugs belonging to the same group as , for instance , between UNK and UNK . END
important as these differences are , they should not obscure the basic fact that by shifting the hypothalamic balance sufficiently to the parasympathetic side , we produce UNK , whereas a shift in the opposite direction causes excitatory effects and , eventually , UNK changes . END
the emotional states produced by drugs influence the UNK potentials in a characteristic manner ; ; END
UNK prevails in the UNK of the experimental animal after administration of tranquilizers , but UNK after application of UNK and UNK drugs . END
the shock UNK act likewise on the hypothalamic balance . END
physiological experiments and clinical observations have shown that these procedures influence the UNK controlled UNK UNK and increase sympathetic discharges . END
they shift the hypothalamic balance to the sympathetic side . END
this explains the beneficial effect of UNK therapy in certain UNK and a shift in the reaction from UNK to normal reactivity of the sympathetic system as shown by the mecholyl test . END
some investigators have found a UNK between UNK and return of the sympathetic reactivity of the hypothalamus to the normal level as indicated by the mecholyl test and , conversely , between clinical UNK and increasing deviation of this test from the norm . END
nevertheless , the theory that the determining influence of the hypothalamic balance has a profound influence on the clinical behavior of UNK patients has not yet been tested on an adequate number of patients . END
the mecholyl and UNK tests applied with certain precautions are reliable indicators of this central autonomic balance , but for the sake of UNK autonomic and clinical states , and of studying the effect of certain therapeutic procedures on central autonomic reactions , additional tests seem to be desirable . END
it was assumed that the shift in autonomic hypothalamic balance occurring spontaneously in UNK patients from the application of certain therapeutic procedures follows the pattern known from the UNK cycle . END
a change in the balance to the parasympathetic side leads in the normal individual to sleep or , in special circumstances , to UNK collapse or UNK and UNK . END
in both conditions the emotional and perceptual sensitivity is diminished , but no depression occurs such as is seen UNK or may be produced in normal persons by drugs . END
the fundamental differences between physiological and pathological states of parasympathetic ( and also of sympathetic ) dominance remain to be UNK . END
perhaps a clue to these and related problems lies in the fact that changes in the intensity of hypothalamic discharges which are associated with changes in its balance lead also to qualitative alterations in reactivity . END
a state of parasympathetic `` UNK '' of the hypothalamus induced experimentally causes not only an increase in the UNK reactivity of this structure to direct and UNK induced stimuli , but leads also to an autonomic UNK : a stimulus acting sympathetically under control conditions UNK in this state of UNK a parasympathetic response ! ! END
furthermore , conditioned reactions are fundamentally altered when the hypothalamic sympathetic reactivity is augmented beyond a critical level , and several types of UNK changes probably related to the degree of central autonomic `` UNK '' are observed . END
if , for instance , such a change is produced by one or a few UNK UNK or UNK , previously inhibited conditioned reactions UNK . END
however , if these procedures are applied more often , conditioned emotional responses are temporarily UNK . END
in other studies , loss of differentiation in previously established conditioned reflexes resulted from repeated UNK ( UNK ) treatments , suggesting a fundamental disturbance in the balance between excitatory and UNK cerebral processes . END
it has further been shown that : ( 1 ) an experimental neurosis in its initial stages is associated with a reversible shift in the central autonomic balance ; ; END
( 2 ) drugs altering the hypothalamic balance alter conditioned reactions ; ; END
( 3 ) in a state of depression , the positive conditioned stimulus may fail to UNK a conditioned reaction but cause an increased UNK instead of the excitatory UNK ( alerting ) effect on the aj . END
these are few and seemingly UNK data , but they illustrate the important fact that fundamental alterations in conditioned reactions occur in a variety of states in which the hypothalamic balance has been altered by physiological experimentation , UNK action , or clinical processes . END
on the physiological basis of some form of psychotherapy END
the foregoing remarks imply that the hypothalamic balance plays a crucial role at the crossroads between physiological and pathological forms of emotion . END
if this is the case , one would expect that not only the various procedures just mentioned which alter the hypothalamic balance would influence emotional state and behavior but that emotion itself would act likewise . END
we pointed out that emotional excitement may lead to UNK disorders and neurotic symptoms , particularly in certain types of personality , but it is also known that the UNK of a strong emotion ( `` UNK '' ) may cure a battle neurosis . END
this phenomenon raises the question whether the guidance of the emotions for therapeutic ends may not have an even wider application in the area of the neuroses . END
being a strictly physiological procedure , one may expect from such a study additional information on the nature of the emotional process itself . END
UNK experiments and therapeutic work lie in this area . END
he showed UNK that anxiety is a learned ( conditioned ) reaction and is the basis of experimental and clinical neuroses and assumed , therefore , that the UNK changes which UNK the neuroses are functional and reversible . END
an important observation of UNK served as a guide post to achieve such a UNK by physiological means . END
in a conditioning experiment , he demonstrated the antagonism between feeding and pain . END
a mild electrical shock served as a conditioned stimulus and was followed by feeding . END
the pain became thus the symbol for food and elicited UNK UNK ( conditioned UNK ) . END
even when the intensity of the shocks was increased gradually , it failed to evoke any signs of pain . END
since strong UNK stimuli produce an experimental neurosis during which the animals fail to eat in the experimental situation , UNK thought that he could utilize the UNK antagonism to inhibit the neurotic symptoms through feeding . END
appropriate experiments showed that this is , indeed , possible . END
he then applied this principle of reciprocal inhibition to human neuroses . END
he took advantage of the antagonism between aggressive UNK and anxiety and found a relatively rapid disappearance of anxiety when the former attitude was established . END
for the interpretation of these significant investigations , it should be remembered that reciprocal relations exist in the hypothalamus with respect to autonomic and UNK functions which are closely associated with the emotions . END
the UNK antagonism seems to be based on this reciprocal relation between the UNK and UNK systems . END
furthermore , a functional antagonism exists between an aggressive attitude and a state of anxiety . END
although in both emotions sympathetic symptoms are present , different UNK patterns UNK aggression and anxiety , respectively , as indicated by the rate of the UNK of the UNK , the state of the muscle tone , and the mecholyl test . END
the psychological UNK of these emotional states seems to be reflected in , or based on , this marked difference . END
in our attempt to interpret the emotions in their physiological and pathological range , we emphasized the importance of the degree of activity of the parasympathetic and sympathetic divisions of the hypothalamic system and their influence on the UNK and excitatory systems , respectively . END
we stressed the reciprocal relation of these systems with respect to the UNK downward discharge as well as regarding the hypothalamic-cortical discharge . END
although we are still far from a complete understanding of these problems , as a first approximation , it is suggested that alterations in the hypothalamic balance with consequent changes in the hypothalamic-cortical discharges account for major changes in behavior seen in various moods and states of emotions in man and beast under physiological circumstances , in experimental and clinical neurosis , and as the result of UNK agents . END
in view of the important role which emotional UNK play in the genesis of neurotic and UNK disorders and the UNK observed between autonomic states and psychological behavior in several instances , it is further suggested that a hypothalamic UNK may play an important role in initiating mental changes . END
we are trying to study a linear operator t on the finite-dimensional space v , by UNK t into a direct sum of operators which are in some sense elementary . END
we can do this through the characteristic values and vectors of t in certain special cases , i.e. , when the minimal polynomial for t factors over the UNK field f into a product of distinct UNK polynomials of degree 1 . END
what can we do with the general t ? ? END
if we try to study t using characteristic values , we are confronted with two problems . END
first , t may not have a single characteristic value ; ; END
this is really a deficiency in the UNK field , namely , that it is not UNK closed . END
second , even if the characteristic polynomial factors completely over f into a product of polynomials of degree 1 , there may not be enough characteristic vectors for t to span the space v . END
this is clearly a deficiency in t . END
the second situation is illustrated by the operator t on af ( f any field ) represented in the standard basis by af . END
the characteristic polynomial for a is af and this is plainly also the minimal polynomial for a ( or for t ) . END
thus t is not diagonalizable . END
one sees that this happens because the null space of af has dimension 1 only . END
on the other hand , the null space of af and the null space of af together span v , the former being the subspace UNK by af and the latter the subspace UNK by af and af . END
this will be more or less our general method for the second problem . END
if ( remember this is an assumption ) the minimal polynomial for t UNK af where af are distinct elements of f , then we shall show that the space v is the direct sum of the null spaces of af . END
the diagonalizable operator is the special case of this in which af for each i . END
the theorem which we prove is more general than what we have described , since it works with the primary decomposition of the minimal polynomial , whether or not the UNK which enter are all of first degree . END
the reader will find it helpful to think of the special case when the UNK are of degree 1 , and even more particularly , to think of the proof of theorem 10 , a special case of this theorem . END
( primary decomposition theorem ) . END
let t be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space v over the field f . END
let p be the minimal polynomial for t , af , where the af , are distinct UNK UNK polynomials over f and the af are positive UNK . END
let af be the null space of af . END
then ( a ) af ; ; END
( b ) each af is invariant under t ; ; END
( c ) if af is the operator induced on af by t , then the minimal polynomial for af is af . END
the idea of the proof is this . END
if the UNK decomposition ( a ) is valid , how can we get hold of the projections af associated with the decomposition ? ? END
the projection af will be the identity on af and zero on the other af . END
we shall find a polynomial af such that af is the identity on af and is zero on the other af , and so that af , etc. . END
for each i , let af . END
since af are distinct prime polynomials , the polynomials af are relatively prime ( theorem 8 , chapter 4 ) . END
thus there are polynomials af such that af . END
note also that if af , then af is divisible by the polynomial p , because af contains each af as a factor . END
we shall show that the polynomials af behave in the manner described in the first paragraph of the proof . END
since af and p divides af for af , we have af . END
thus the af are projections which correspond to some UNK decomposition of the space v . END
we wish to show that the range of af is exactly the subspace af . END
it is clear that each vector in the range of af is in af for if **ya is in the range of af , then af and so af because af is divisible by the minimal polynomial p . END
conversely , suppose that **ya is in the null space of af . END
if af , then af is divisible by af and so af , i.e. , af . END
but then it is immediate that af , i.e. , that **ya is in the range of af . END
this completes the proof of statement ( a ) . END
it is certainly clear that the UNK af are invariant under t . END
if af is the operator induced on af by t , then evidently af , because by definition af is 0 on the subspace af . END
this shows that the minimal polynomial for af divides af . END
conversely , let g be any polynomial such that af . END
thus af is divisible by the minimal polynomial p of t , i.e. , af divides af . END
it is easily seen that af divides g . END
hence the minimal polynomial for af is af . END
if af are the projections associated with the primary decomposition of t , then each af is a polynomial in t , and accordingly if a linear operator u UNK with t then u UNK with each of the af , i.e. , each subspace af is invariant under u . END
in the UNK of the proof of theorem 12 , let us take a look at the special case in which the minimal polynomial for t is a product of UNK polynomials , i.e. , the case in which each af is of the form af . END
now the range of af is the null space af of af . END
let us put af . END
by theorem 10 , d is a diagonalizable operator which we shall call the diagonalizable part of t . END
let us look at the operator af . END
now af af so af . END
the reader should be familiar enough with projections by now so that he sees that af and in general that af . END
when af for each i , we shall have af , because the operator af will then be 0 on the range of af . END
let n be a linear operator on the vector space v . END
we say that n is nilpotent if there is some positive integer r such that af . END
let t be a linear operator on the finite-dimensional vector space v over the field f . END
suppose that the minimal polynomial for t UNK over f into a product of linear polynomials . END
then there is a diagonalizable operator d on v and a nilpotent operator n in v such that ( a ) af , ( b ) af . END
the diagonalizable operator d and the nilpotent operator n are uniquely determined by ( a ) and ( b ) and each of them is a polynomial in t . END
we have just observed that we can write af where d is diagonalizable and n is nilpotent , and where d and n not only commute but are polynomials in t . END
now suppose that we also have af where d' is diagonalizable , n' is nilpotent , and af . END
we shall prove that af . END
since d' and n' commute with one another and af , we see that d' and n' commute with t . END
thus d' and n' commute with any polynomial in t ; ; END
hence they commute with d and with n . END
now we have af or af and all four of these operators commute with one another . END
since d and d' are both diagonalizable and they commute , they are simultaneously diagonalizable , and af is diagonalizable . END
since n and n' are both nilpotent and they commute , the operator af is nilpotent ; ; END
for , using the fact that n and n' commute af and so when r is sufficiently large every term in this expression for af will be 0 . END
( actually , a nilpotent operator on an UNK space must have its t power 0 ; ; END
if we take af above , that will be large enough . END
it then follows that af is large enough , but this is not obvious from the above expression . END
) now af is a diagonalizable operator which is also nilpotent . END
such an operator is obviously the zero operator ; ; END
for since it is nilpotent , the minimal polynomial for this operator is of the form af for some af ; ; END
but then since the operator is diagonalizable , the minimal polynomial cannot have a repeated root ; ; END
hence af and the minimal polynomial is simply x , which says the operator is 0 . END
thus we see that af and af . END
let v be a finite-dimensional vector space over an UNK closed field f , e.g. , the field of complex numbers . END
then every linear operator t in v can be written as the sum of a diagonalizable operator d and a nilpotent operator n which commute . END
these operators d and n are unique and each is a polynomial in t . END
from these results , one sees that the study of linear operators on vector spaces over an UNK closed field is essentially reduced to the study of nilpotent operators . END
for vector spaces over UNK closed fields , we still need to find some substitute for characteristic values and vectors . END
it is a very interesting fact that these two problems can be handled simultaneously and this is what we shall do in the next chapter . END
in concluding this section , we should like to give an example which illustrates some of the ideas of the primary decomposition theorem . END
we have chosen to give it at the end of the section since it deals with differential equations and thus is not purely linear UNK . END
in the primary decomposition theorem , it is not necessary that the vector space v be finite dimensional , nor is it necessary for parts ( a ) and ( b ) that p be the minimal polynomial for t . END
if t is a linear operator on an arbitrary vector space and if there is a UNK polynomial p such that af , then parts ( a ) and ( b ) of theorem 12 are valid for t with the proof which we gave . END
let n be a positive integer and let v be the space of all n times continuously UNK functions f on the real line which satisfy the differential equation af where af are some fixed constants . END
if af denotes the space of n times continuously UNK functions , then the space v of solutions of this differential equation is a subspace of af . END
if d denotes the differentiation operator and p is the polynomial af then v is the null space of the operator p ( , ) , because af simply says af . END
let us now regard d as a linear operator on the subspace v . END
if we are discussing UNK UNK functions , then af and v are complex vector spaces , and af may be any complex numbers . END
we now write af where af are distinct complex numbers . END
if af is the null space of af , then theorem 12 says that af . END
in other words , if f UNK the differential equation af , then f is uniquely UNK in the form af where af UNK the differential equation af . END
thus , the study of the solutions to the equation af is reduced to the study of the space of solutions of a differential equation of the form af . END
this reduction has been accomplished by the general methods of linear UNK , i.e. , by the primary decomposition theorem . END
to describe the space of solutions to af , one must know something about differential equations ; ; END
that is , one must know something about d other than the fact that it is a linear operator . END
however , one does not need to know very much . END
it is very easy to establish by induction on r that if f is in af then af ; ; END
that is , af , etc. . END
thus af if and only if af . END
a function g such that af , i.e. , af , must be a polynomial function of degree af or less : af . END
thus f UNK af if and only if f has the form af . END
accordingly , the ' functions ' af span the space of solutions of af . END
since af are linearly independent functions and the UNK function has no UNK , these r functions af , form a basis for the space of solutions . END
some experiments are composed of UNK of independent trials , each with two possible outcomes . END
the binomial probability distribution may describe the variation that occurs from one set of trials of such a binomial experiment to another . END
we devote a chapter to the binomial distribution not only because it is a mathematical model for an enormous variety of real life phenomena , but also because it has important properties that UNK in many other probability models . END
we begin with a few examples of binomial experiments . END
a trained marksman shooting five rounds at a target , all under practically the same conditions , may hit the bull's-eye from 0 to 5 times . END
in repeated sets of five shots his numbers of bull's-eyes vary . END
what can we say of the probabilities of the different possible numbers of bull's-eyes ? ? END
in UNK of eight mice from similar parents , the number of mice with straight instead of UNK hair is an integer from 0 to 8 . END
what probabilities should be attached to these possible outcomes ? ? END
aces ( ones ) with three dice . END
when three dice are tossed repeatedly , what is the probability that the number of aces is 0 ( or 1 , or 2 , or 3 ) ? ? END
more generally , suppose that an experiment consists of a number of independent trials , that each trial results in either a `` success '' or a `` UNK '' ( `` failure '' ) , and that the probability of success remains constant from trial to trial . END
in the examples above , the occurrence of a bull's-eye , a UNK mouse , or an ace could be called a `` success '' . END
in general , any outcome we choose may be labeled `` success '' . END
the major question in this chapter is : what is the probability of exactly x successes in n trials ? ? END
in chapters 3 and 4 we answered questions like those in the examples , usually by counting points in a sample space . END
fortunately , a general formula of wide UNK UNK all problems of this kind . END
before deriving this formula , we explain what we mean by `` problems of this kind '' . END
experiments are often composed of several identical trials , and sometimes experiments themselves are repeated . END
in the UNK example , a trial consists of `` one round shot at a target '' with outcome either one bull's-eye ( success ) or none ( failure ) . END
further , an experiment might consist of five rounds , and several sets of five rounds might be regarded as a UNK composed of several UNK of the UNK experiment . END
if three dice are tossed , a trial is one toss of one die and the experiment is composed of three trials . END
or , what amounts to the same thing , if one die is tossed three times , each toss is a trial , and the three UNK form the experiment . END
mathematically , we shall not distinguish the experiment of three dice tossed once from that of one die tossed three times . END
these examples are illustrative of the use of the words `` trial '' and `` experiment '' as they are used in this chapter , but they are quite flexible words and it is well not to restrict them too narrowly . END
ten students act as managers for a high-school football team , and of these managers a proportion p are licensed drivers . END
each friday one manager is chosen by lot to stay late and load the equipment on a truck . END
on three UNK the coach has needed a driver . END
considering only these UNK , what is the probability that the coach had drivers all 3 times ? ? END
exactly 2 times ? ? END
note that there are 3 trials of interest . END
each trial consists of choosing a student manager at random . END
the 2 possible outcomes on each trial are `` driver '' or `` UNK '' . END
since the choice is by lot each week , the outcomes of different trials are independent . END
the managers stay the same , so that af is the same for all weeks . END
we now generalize these ideas for general binomial experiments . END
for an experiment to qualify as a binomial experiment , it must have four properties : ( 1 ) there must be a fixed number of trials , ( 2 ) each trial must result in a `` success '' or a `` failure '' ( a binomial trial ) , ( 3 ) all trials must have identical probabilities of success , ( 4 ) the trials must be independent of each other . END
below we use our earlier examples to describe and illustrate these four properties . END
we also give , for each property , an example where the property is absent . END
the language and UNK introduced are standard throughout the chapter . END
there must be a fixed number n of repeated trials . END
for the marksman , we study sets of five shots ( af ) ; ; END
for the mice , we restrict attention to UNK of eight ( af ) ; ; END
and for the aces , we toss three dice ( af ) . END
experiment without a fixed number of trials . END
toss a die until an ace appears . END
here the number of trials is a random variable , not a fixed number . END
each of the n trials is either a success or a failure . END
`` success '' and `` failure '' are just convenient UNK for the two categories of outcomes when we talk about binomial trials in general . END
these words are more expressive than UNK like `` a '' and `` UNK '' . END
it is natural from the UNK viewpoint to call a bull's-eye a success , but in the mice example it is arbitrary which category corresponds to straight hair in a mouse . END
the word `` binomial '' means `` of two names '' or `` of two terms '' , and both UNK apply in our work : the first to the names of the two outcomes of a binomial trial , and the second to the terms p and af that represent the probabilities of `` success '' and `` failure '' . END
sometimes when there are many outcomes for a single trial , we group these outcomes into two classes , as in the example of the die , where we have arbitrarily constructed the classes `` ace '' and `` UNK '' . END
experiment without the UNK property . END
we classify mice as `` UNK '' or `` UNK '' , but a UNK mouse appears . END
we can escape from such a difficulty by ruling out the animal as not UNK a trial , but such a solution is not always satisfactory . END
all trials have identical probabilities of success . END
each die has probability af of producing an ace ; ; END
the marksman has some probability p , perhaps 0.1 , of making a bull's-eye . END
note that we need not know the value of p , for the experiment to be binomial . END
experiment where p is not constant . END
during a round of target practice the sun comes from behind a cloud and UNK the marksman , lowering his chance of a bull's-eye . END
the trials are independent . END
strictly speaking , this means that the probability for each possible outcome of the experiment can be computed by multiplying together the probabilities of the possible outcomes of the single binomial trials . END
thus in the UNK example af , af , and the independence assumption imply that the probability that the three dice fall ace , UNK , ace in that order is af . END
experimentally , we expect independence when the trials have nothing to do with one another . END
examples where independence fails . END
a family of five plans to go together either to the beach or to the mountains , and a coin is tossed to decide . END
we want to know the number of people going to the mountains . END
when this experiment is viewed as composed of five binomial trials , one for each member of the family , the outcomes of the trials are obviously not independent . END
indeed , the experiment is better viewed as consisting of one binomial trial for the entire family . END
the following is a less extreme example of dependence . END
consider couples visiting an art museum . END
each person votes for one of a pair of pictures to receive a popular prize . END
voting for one picture may be called `` success '' , for the other `` failure '' . END
an experiment consists of the voting of one couple , or two trials . END
in UNK of the experiment from couple to couple , the votes of the two persons in a couple probably agree more often than independence would imply , because couples who visit the museum together are more likely to have similar tastes than are a random pair of people drawn from the entire population of visitors . END
table 7-1 illustrates the point . END
the table shows that UNK of the boys and UNK of the girls vote for picture a . END
therefore , under independent voting , af or UNK of the couples would cast two votes for picture a , and af or UNK would cast two votes for picture b . END
thus in independent voting , af or UNK of the couples would agree . END
but table 7-1 shows that af or UNK agree , too many for independent voting . END
each performance of an UNK binomial experiment results in some whole number from 0 through n as the value of the random variable x , where af . END
we want to study the probability function of this random variable . END
for example , we are interested in the number of bull's-eyes , not which shots were bull's-eyes . END
a binomial experiment can produce random variables other than the number of successes . END
for example , the marksman gets 5 shots , but we take his score to be the number of shots before his first bull's-eye , that is , 0 , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ( or 5 , if he gets no bull's-eye ) . END
thus we do not score the number of bull's-eyes , and the random variable is not the number of successes . END
the constancy of p and the independence are the conditions most likely to give trouble in practice . END
obviously , very slight changes in p do not change the probabilities much , and a slight lack of independence may not make an appreciable difference . END
( for instance , see example 2 of section UNK , on red cards in hands of 5 . END
) on the other hand , even when the binomial model does not describe well the physical phenomenon being studied , the binomial model may still be used as a UNK for comparative purposes ; ; END
that is , we may discuss the phenomenon in terms of its departures from the binomial model . END
a binomial experiment consists of af independent binomial trials , all with the same probability af of yielding a success . END
the outcome of the experiment is x successes . END
the random variable x takes the values af with probabilities af or , more briefly af . END
we shall find a formula for the probability of exactly x successes for given values of p and n . END
when each number of successes x is paired with its probability of occurrence af , the set of pairs af , is a probability function called a binomial distribution . END
the choice of p and n determines the binomial distribution uniquely , and different choices always produce different distributions ( except when af ; ; END
then the number of successes is always 0 ) . END
the set of all binomial distributions is called the family of binomial distributions , but in general discussions this expression is often shortened to `` the binomial distribution '' , or even `` the binomial '' when the context is clear . END
binomial distributions were treated by james UNK about UNK , and for this reason binomial trials are sometimes called UNK trials . END
each binomial trial of a binomial experiment produces either 0 or 1 success . END
therefore each binomial trial can be thought of as producing a value of a random variable associated with that trial and taking the values 0 and 1 , with probabilities q and p respectively . END
the several trials of a binomial experiment produce a new random variable x , the total number of successes , which is just the sum of the random variables associated with the single trials . END
the marksman gets two bull's-eyes , one on his third shot and one on his fifth . END
the numbers of successes on the five individual shots are , then , 0 , 0 , 1 , 0 , 1 . END
the number of successes on each shot is a value of a random variable that has values 0 or 1 , and there are 5 such random variables here . END
their sum is x , the total number of successes , which in this experiment has the value af . END
consider a simple , closed , plane curve c which is a UNK image of the unit circle , and which is given by af . END
these are real analytic periodic functions with period t . END
in the following paper it is shown that in a certain definite sense , exactly an odd number of squares can be inscribed in every such curve which does not contain an infinite number of inscribed squares . END
this theorem is similar to the theorem of UNK that there exists a UNK UNK around any closed , bounded UNK set in af . END
the latter theorem has been generalized by UNK and UNK , and UNK to show that in af there are families of such cubes . END
here , for the case of squares inscribed in plane curves , we remove the restriction to UNK and give certain other results . END
a square inscribed in a curve c means a square with its four corner points on the curve , though it may not lie entirely in the interior of c . END
indeed , the spiral af , with the two UNK connected by a straight line possesses only one inscribed square . END
the square has one corner point on the straight line segment , and does not lie entirely in the interior . END
on c , from the point p at af to the point q at af , we construct the chord , and upon the chord as a side erect a square in such a way that as s approaches zero the square is inside c . END
as s increases we consider the two free corner points of the square , af and af , adjacent to p and q respectively . END
as s approaches t the square will be outside c and therefore both af and af must cross c an odd number of times as s varies from zero to t . END
the points may also touch c without crossing . END
suppose af crosses c when af . END
we now have certain squares with three corners on c . END
for any such square the middle corner of these will be called the vertex of the square and the corner not on the curve will be called the diagonal point of the square . END
each point on c , as a vertex , may possess a finite number of corresponding diagonal points by the above construction . END
to each paired vertex and diagonal point there corresponds a unique forward corner point , i.e. , the corner on c reached first by proceeding along c from the vertex in the direction of increasing t . END
if the vertex is at af , and if the interior of c is on the left as one moves in the direction of increasing t , then every such corner can be found from the curve obtained by rotating c UNK through UNK about the vertex . END
the set of intersections of af , the rotated curve , with the original curve c consists of just the set of forward corner points on c corresponding to the vertex at af , plus the vertex itself . END
we note that two such curves c and af , cannot coincide at more than a finite number of points ; ; END
otherwise , being analytic , they would coincide at all points , which is impossible since they do not coincide near af . END
with each vertex we associate certain numerical values , namely the set of positive differences in the parameter t between the vertex and its corresponding forward corner points . END
for the vertex at af , these values will be denoted by af . END
the function f{t} defined in this way is UNK . END
we consider now the graph of the function f{t} on af . END
we will refer to the plane of c and af as the c-plane and to the plane of the graph as the aj . END
the graph , as a set , may have a finite number of components . END
we will denote the values of f{t} on different components by af . END
each point with UNK t on the graph represents an intersection between c and af . END
there are two types of such intersections , depending essentially on whether the curves cross at the point of intersection . END
an ordinary point will be any point of intersection a such that in every neighborhood of a in the c-plane , af meets both the interior and the exterior of c . END
any other point of intersection between c and af will be called a tangent point . END
this terminology will also be applied to the corresponding points in the aj . END
we can now prove several UNK . END
in some neighborhood in the f-plane of any ordinary point of the graph , the function f is a single-valued , continuous function . END
we first show that the function is single-valued in some neighborhood . END
with the vertex at af in the c-plane we assume that af is the UNK location on c of an ordinary intersection q between c and af . END
in the f-plane the coordinates of the corresponding point are af . END
we know that in the c-plane both c and af are analytic . END
in the c-plane we construct a set of rectangular UNK coordinates u , v with the origin at q and such that both c and af have finite slope at q . END
near q , both curves can be represented by analytic functions of u . END
in a neighborhood of q the difference between these functions is also a single-valued , analytic function of u . END
furthermore , one can find a neighborhood of q in which the difference function is UNK , for since it is analytic it can have only a finite number of UNK in any interval . END
now , to find af , one needs the intersection of c and af near q . END
but af is just the curve af translated without rotation through a small arc , for af is always obtained by rotating c through exactly UNK . END
the arc is itself a segment of an analytic curve . END
thus if e is sufficiently small , there can be only one intersection of c and af near q , for if there were more than one intersection for every e then the difference between c and af near q would not be a UNK function . END
therefore , af is single-valued near q . END
it is also seen that af , since the change from af to af is accomplished by a continuous translation . END
thus af is also continuous at af , and in a neighborhood of af which does not contain a tangent point . END
we turn now to the set of tangent points on the graph . END
this set must consist of isolated points and closed intervals . END
the fact that there can not be any limit points of the set except in closed intervals follows from the argument used in UNK 1 , namely , that near any tangent point in the c-plane the curves c and af are analytic , and therefore the difference between them must be a UNK function in some neighborhood on either side of the tangent point . END
this prevents the occurrence of an infinite sequence of isolated tangent points . END
in some neighborhood of an isolated tangent point in the f-plane , say af , the function af is either UNK or has no values defined , except at the tangent point itself , where it is single-valued . END
a tangent point q in the c-plane occurs when c and af are tangent to one another . END
a continuous change in t through an amount e results in a translation along an analytic arc of the curve af . END
there are three possibilities : ( a ) af remains tangent to c as it is translated ; ; END
( b ) af moves away from c and does not intersect it at all for af ; ; END
( c ) af cuts across c and there are two ordinary intersections for every t in af . END
the first possibility results in a closed interval of tangent points in the f-plane , the end points of which fall into category ( b ) or ( c ) . END
in the second category the function af has no values defined in a neighborhood af . END
in the third category the function is UNK in this interval . END
the same remarks apply to an interval on the other side of af . END
again , the UNK of the two curves guarantees that such intervals exist . END
in the neighborhood of an end point of an interval of tangent points in the f-plane the function is UNK or UNK on one side , and is a single-valued function consisting entirely of tangent points on the other side . END
with the above results we can make the following remarks about the graph of f . END
first , for any value of t for which all values of f{t} are ordinary points the number of values of f{t} must be odd . END
for it is clear that the total number of ordinary intersections of c and af must be even ( otherwise , starting in the interior of c , af could not finally return to the interior ) , and the center of rotation at t is the argument of the function , not a value . END
therefore , for any value of t the number of values of f{t} is equal to the ( finite ) number of tangent points corresponding to the argument t plus an odd number . END
the number of ordinary values of the function f{t} at t will be called its multiplicity at t . END
the graph of f has at least one component whose support is the entire interval aj . END
then every component of the graph of f must be defined over a bounded UNK . END
suppose af is defined in the UNK af . END
now af and af must both be tangent points on the t component in the f-plane ; ; END
otherwise by UNK 1 the component would extend beyond these points . END
further , we see by UNK 2 that the multiplicity of f can only change at a tangent point , and at such a point can only change by an even integer . END
thus the multiplicity of af for a given t must be an even number . END
this is true of all components which have such a bounded support . END
but this is a contradiction , for we know that the multiplicity of f{t} is odd for every t . END
we have shown that the graph of f contains at least one component whose inverse is the entire interval UNK , and whose multiplicity is odd . END
there must be an odd number of such components , which will be called complete components . END
the remaining ( incomplete ) components all have an even number of ordinary points at any argument , and are defined only on a proper UNK of aj . END
we must now show that on some component of the graph there exist two points for which the corresponding diagonal points in the c-plane are on opposite sides of c . END
we again consider a fixed point p at af and a variable point q at af on c . END
we erect a square with UNK as a side and with free corners af and af adjacent to p and q respectively . END
as s varies from zero to t , the values of s for which af and af cross c will be denoted by af and af respectively . END
we have af , plus tangent points . END
these UNK are just the ordinary values of af . END
the values af are the ordinary values at af of a UNK function UNK which has components corresponding to those of f{t} . END
we first define a function UNK as follows : given the set of squares such that each has three corners on c and vertex at t , UNK is the corresponding set of positive UNK differences between t and the backward corner points . END
the functions f and b have exactly the same multiplicity at every argument t . END
now with p fixed at af , UNK occur when the corner af crosses c , and are among the values of s such that af . END
the roots of this equation are just the UNK of the intersections of the graph of b with a straight line of unit slope through af in the UNK ( the plane of the graph of b ) . END
we define these values as af , and define UNK in the same way for each t . END
thus we obtain UNK by introducing an UNK UNK in the aj . END
in 1 we investigate a new series of line UNK in a UNK space of three dimensions over the field of complex numbers . END
these are defined by a simple UNK transformation of the points in which a general line meets a UNK quadric surface bearing a curve of symbol af . END
then in 2 we show that any line involution with the properties that ( a ) it has no complex of invariant lines , and ( b ) its singular lines form a complex consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve , is necessarily of the type discussed in 1 . END
no generalization of these results to spaces of more than three dimensions has so far been found possible . END
let q be a UNK quadric surface bearing UNK af and af , and let **zg be a af curve of order k on q . END
a general line l meets q in two points , af and af , through each of which passes a unique generator of the regulus , af , whose lines are simple secants of aj . END
on these generators let af and af be , respectively , the UNK conjugates of af and af with respect to the two points in which the corresponding generator meets aj . END
the line af is the image of l . END
clearly , the transformation is UNK . END
we observe first that no line , l , can meet its image except at one of its intersections with q . END
for if it did , the plane of l and UNK would contain two generators of af , which is impossible . END
moreover , from the definitive transformation of UNK on the generators of af , it is clear that the only points of q at which a line can meet its image are the points of aj . END
hence the UNK of singular lines is the t order complex of lines which meet aj . END
the invariant lines are the lines of the congruence of secants of **zg , since each of these meets q in two points which are invariant . END
the order of this congruence is af , since af secants of a curve of symbol ( b ) on a quadric surface pass through an arbitrary point . END
the class of the congruence is af , since an arbitrary plane meets **zg in k points . END
since the complex of singular lines is of order k and since there is no complex of invariant lines , it follows from the formula af that the order of the involution is af . END
there are various sets of exceptional lines , or lines whose images are not unique . END
the most obvious of these is the UNK complex of tangents to q , each line of which is transformed into the entire pencil of lines tangent to q at the image of the point of UNK of the given line . END
thus pencils of tangents to q are transformed into pencils of tangents . END
it is interesting that a 1 : 1 correspondence can be established between the lines of two such pencils , so that in a sense a unique image can actually be assigned to each tangent . END
for the lines of any plane , UNK , meeting q in a UNK c , are transformed into the congruence of secants of the curve c' into which c is transformed in the point involution on q . END
in particular , tangents to c are transformed into tangents to c' . END
moreover , if af and af are two planes UNK in a line l , tangent to q at a point p , the two free intersections of the image curves af and af must coincide at UNK , the image of p , and at this point af and af must have a common tangent UNK . END
hence , thought of as a line in a particular plane UNK , any tangent to q has a unique image and moreover this image is the same for all planes through l . END
each generator , **yl , of af is also exceptional , for each is transformed into the entire congruence of secants of the curve into which that generator is transformed by the point involution on q . END
this curve is of symbol af since it meets **yl , and hence every line of af in the af invariant points on **yl and since it obviously meets every line of af in a single point . END
the congruence of its secants is therefore of order af and class af . END
a final class of exceptional lines is identifiable from the following considerations : since no two generators of af can intersect , it follows that their image curves can have no free intersections . END
in other words , these curves have only fixed intersections common to them all . END
now the only way in which all curves of the image family of af can pass through a fixed point is to have a generator of af which is not a secant but a tangent of **zg , for then any point on such a generator will be transformed into the point of UNK . END
since two curves of symbol af on q intersect in af points , it follows that there are af lines of af which are tangent to aj . END
clearly , any line , l , of any bundle having one of these points of UNK , t , as vertex will be transformed into the entire pencil having the image of the second intersection of l and q as vertex and lying in the plane determined by the image point and the generator of af which is tangent to **zg at t . END
a line through two of these points , af and af , will be transformed into the entire UNK congruence having the tangents to **zg at af and af as UNK . END
a UNK , c , being a ( 1 , 1 ) curve on q , meets the image of any line of af , which we have already found to be a af curve on q , in af points . END
hence its image , c' , meets any line of af in af points . END
moreover , c' obviously meets any line af in a single point . END
hence c' is a af curve on q . END
therefore , the congruence of its secants , that is the image of a general plane field of lines , is of order af and class af . END
finally , the image of a general bundle of lines is a congruence whose order is the order of the congruence of invariant lines , namely af and whose class is the order of the image congruence of a general plane field of lines , namely af . END
the preceding observations make it clear that there exist line UNK of all orders greater than 1 with no complex of invariant lines and with a complex of singular lines consisting exclusively of the lines which meet a twisted curve aj . END
we now shall show that any involution with these characteristics is necessarily of the type we have just described . END
to do this we must first show that every line which meets **zg in a point p meets its image at p . END
to see this , consider a general pencil of lines containing a general secant of aj . END
by ( 1 ) , the image of this pencil is a ruled surface of order af which is met by the plane of the pencil in a curve , c , of order af . END
on c there is a af correspondence in which the af points cut from c by a general line , l , of the pencil correspond to the point of intersection of the image of l and the plane of the pencil . END
since c is rational , this correspondence has k UNK , each of which implies a line of the pencil which meets its image . END
however , since the pencil contains a secant of **zg it actually contains only af singular lines . END
to avoid this contradiction it is necessary that c be composite , with the secant of **zg and a curve of order af as components . END
thus it follows that the secants of **zg are all invariant . END
but if this is the case , then an arbitrary pencil of lines having a point , p , of **zg as vertex is transformed into a ruled surface of order af having af generators concurrent at p . END
since a ruled surface of order n with n concurrent generators is necessarily a cone , it follows finally that every line through a point , p , of **zg meets its image at p , as asserted . END
now consider the transformation of the lines of a bundle with vertex , p , on **zg which is effected by the involution as a whole . END
from the preceding remarks , it is clear that such a bundle is transformed into itself in an UNK fashion . END
moreover , in this involution there is a cone of invariant lines of order af , namely the cone of secants of **zg which pass through p . END
hence it follows that the involution within the bundle must be a perspective de UNK involution of order af and the invariant UNK must have a multiple line of multiplicity either af or af . END
the first possibility requires that there be a line through p which meets **zg in af points ; ; END
the second requires that there be a line through p which meets **zg in af points . END
in each case , lines of the bundles are transformed by UNK within the pencils they determine with the multiple secant . END
in the first case the fixed elements within each pencil are the multiple secant and the line joining the vertex , p , to the intersection of **zg and the plane of the pencil which does not lie on the multiple secant . END
in the second , the fixed elements are the lines which join the vertex , p , to the two intersections of **zg and the plane of the pencil which do not lie on the multiple secant . END
the multiple secants , of course , are exceptional and in each case are transformed into UNK of order af . END
observations similar to these can be made at each point of aj . END
hence **zg must have either a regulus of UNK secants or a regulus of UNK secants . END
moreover , if af , no two of the multiple secants can intersect . END
for if such were the case , either the plane of the two lines would meet **zg in more than k points or , UNK , the order of the image regulus of the pencil determined by the two lines would be too high . END
but if no two lines of the regulus of multiple secants of **zg can intersect , then the regulus must be UNK , or in other words , **zg must be either a af or a af curve on a UNK quadric surface . END
we now observe that the case in which **zg is a af curve on a quadric is impossible if the complex of singular lines consists exclusively of the lines which meet aj . END
for any pencil in a plane containing a UNK secant of **zg has an image regulus which meets the plane of the pencil in af lines , namely the images of the lines of the pencil which pass through the intersection of **zg and the multiple secant , plus an additional component to account for the intersections of the images of the general lines of the pencil . END
however , if there is no additional complex of singular lines , the order of the image regulus of a pencil is precisely af . END
this UNK the preceding observations , and so , under the assumption of this paper , we must reject the possibility that **zg is a af curve on a quadric surface . END
continuing with the case in which **zg is a af curve on a quadric q , we first observe that the second regulus of q consists precisely of the lines which join the two free intersections of **zg and the planes through any one of the multiple secants . END
for each of these lines meets q in three points , namely two points on **zg and one point on one of the multiple secants . END
now consider an arbitrary line , l , meeting q in two points , af and af . END
if **ya is the multiple secant of **zg which passes through af and UNK is the simple secant of **zg which passes through af , and if af are the points in which **ya meets **zg , and if af is the image of af on the generator UNK , it follows that the image of the line af is af . END
these societies can expect to face difficult times . END
as the historic processes of modernization gradually gain momentum , their cohesion will be threatened by divisive forces , the UNK between rulers and subjects , town and country , will widen ; ; END
new UNK for power will emerge whose ambitions far exceed their competence ; ; END
old rulers may lose their nerve and their sense of direction . END
national leaders will have to display the highest skills of UNK to guide their people through times of uncertainty and confusion which destroy men's sense of identity . END
feelings of a community of interest will have to be UNK -- in some of the new nations , indeed , they must be built for the first time -- on a new basis which looks toward the future and does not rely only on shared memories of the past . END
nevertheless , with foresight and careful planning , some of the more disruptive and dangerous consequences of social change which have troubled other countries passing through this stage can be escaped . END
the united states can help by communicating a genuine concern with the problems these countries face and a readiness to provide technical and other appropriate forms of assistance where possible . END
our central goal should be to provide the greatest positive incentive for these societies to tackle boldly the tasks which they face . END
at the same time , we should recognize that the obstacles to change and the lack of cohesion and stability which characterize these countries may make them particularly prone to diversions and external adventures of all sorts . END
it may seem to some of them that success can be purchased much less dearly by fishing in the murky waters of international politics than by facing up to the UNK tasks at home . END
we should do what we can to discourage this conclusion , both by offering assistance for their domestic needs and by reacting firmly to irresponsible actions on the world scene . END
when necessary , we should make it clear that countries which choose to derive marginal advantages from the cold war or to exploit their potential for UNK the security of the world will not only lose our sympathy but also risk their own prospects for orderly development . END
as a nation , we feel an obligation to assist other countries in their development ; ; END
but this obligation pertains only to countries which are honestly seeking to become responsible members of a stable and UNK world community . END
when we look at countries like UNK , UNK , pakistan , and burma , where substantial progress has been made in creating a minimum supply of modern men and of social overhead capital , and where institutions of centralized government exist , we find a second category of countries with a different set of problems and hence different priorities for policy . END
the men in power are committed in principle to modernization , but economic and social changes are proceeding only UNK . END
isolated enterprises have been launched , but they are not yet related to each other in a meaningful pattern . END
the society is likely to be characterized by having a fairly UNK urban sector and a relatively untouched rural sector , with very poor communications between the two . END
progress is impeded by psychological UNK to effective action among those in power and by a failure on their part to understand how local resources , human and material , can be mobilized to achieve the national goals of modernization already symbolically accepted . END
most countries in this second category share the difficulty of having many of the structures of a modern political and social system without the modern standards of performance required to make them effective . END
in these rapidly changing societies there is also too little appreciation of the need for effort to achieve goals . END
the colonial period has generally left people believing that government can , if it wishes , provide all manner of services for them -- and that with independence free men do not have to work to realize the benefits of modern life . END
for example , in accordance with the fashion of the times , most transitional societies have announced economic development plans of varying numbers of years ; ; END
such is the mystique of planning that people expect that fulfillment of the plan will follow automatically upon its announcement . END
the civil services in such societies are generally inadequate to deal competently with the problems facing them ; ; END
and their members often equate a government career with security and status rather than with sacrifice , self-discipline , and competence . END
american policy should press constantly the view that until these governments demand efficiency and effectiveness of their UNK there is not the slightest hope that they will either UNK of UNK their societies . END
we should spread the view that planning and national development are serious matters which call for effort as well as enthusiasm . END
above all , we should seek to encourage the leaders of these societies to accept the unpleasant fact that they are responsible for their UNK . END
only within the framework of a mature relationship characterized by honest UNK of performance can we provide telling assistance . END
with respect to those countries whose leaders prefer to live with their illusions , we can afford to wait , for in time their comparative lack of progress will become clear for all to see . END
our technical assistance to these countries should place special emphasis on inducing the central governments to assume the role of UNK and guide which at an earlier stage foreign experts assumed in dealing with the central governments . END
we should encourage the governments to develop their own technical assistance to communities , state and provincial governments , rural communities , and other smaller groups , making certain that no important segment of the economy is neglected . END
simultaneously we should be UNK the UNK of technical progress in various fields , showing how agricultural training can be introduced into education , how health affects labor productivity , how small business can benefit the rural farm community , and , above all , how progress in each field relates to national progress . END
efforts such as the community development program in the philippines have demonstrated that transitional societies can work toward balanced national development . END
to achieve this goal of balanced development , communications between the central government and the local communities must be such that the needs and aspirations of the people themselves are effectively taken into account . END
if modernization programs are imposed from above , without the understanding and cooperation of the people , they will encounter grave difficulties . END
land reform is likely to be a pressing issue in many of these countries . END
it should be american policy not only to encourage effective land reform programs but also to UNK the relation of such reforms to the economic growth and modernization of the society . END
as an isolated policy , land reform is likely to be politically disruptive ; ; END
as part of a larger development effort , however , it may gain wide acceptance . END
it should also be recognized that the problem of rural UNK cannot be solved by administrative decrees alone . END
land reform programs need to be supplemented with programs for promoting rural credits and technical assistance in agriculture . END
UNK , governmental and private planners will at this stage begin to see large capital requirements looming ahead . END
by holding out prospects for external capital assistance , the united states can provide strong incentives to prepare for the UNK economic drive necessary to achieve self-sustaining growth . END
at a third stage in the modernization process are such countries as india , brazil , the philippines , and taiwan , which are ready and committed to move into the stage of self-sustaining growth . END
they must continue to satisfy basic capital needs ; ; END
and there persists the dual problem of maintaining operational unity around a national program of modernization while simultaneously UNK participation in the program to wider and wider groups . END
but these countries have made big strides toward developing the necessary human and social overhead capital ; ; END
they have established reasonably stable and effective governmental institutions at national and local levels ; ; END
and they have begun to develop a capacity to deal realistically and simultaneously with all the major sectors of their economies . END
on the economic front , the first priority of these countries is to UNK a vastly increased volume of resources . END
several related tasks must be carried out if self-sustaining growth is to be achieved . END
these countries must formulate a comprehensive , long-term program covering the objectives of both the private and the public sectors of the economy . END
they must in their planning be able to count on at least tentative commitments of foreign capital assistance over periods of several years . END
capital imports drawn from a number of sources must be employed and combined skillfully enough to permit domestic investment programming to go forward . END
capital flows must be coordinated with national needs and planning . END
finally , a balance must be effected among project finance , utilization of agricultural surpluses , and general balance of payments support . END
thus , although the agenda of external assistance in the economic sphere are cumulative , and many of the policies suggested for nations in the earlier stages remain relevant , the basic purpose of american economic policy during the later stages of development should be to assure that movement into a stage of self-sustaining growth is not prevented by lack of foreign exchange . END
there remain many political and administrative problems to be solved . END
for one thing , although considerable numbers of men have been trained , UNK are still UNK in many respects ; ; END
even the famed indian civil service is not fully adequate to the tremendous range of tasks it has undertaken . END
technical assistance in training middle- and UNK management personnel is still needed in many cases . END
there are also more basic problems . END
this is the stage at which democratic developments must take place if the society is to become an open community of creative people . END
nevertheless , impulses still exist among the ruling elite to rationalize and thus to perpetuate the need for centralized and authoritarian practices . END
another great danger is that the emerging middle class will feel itself increasingly alienated from the political leaders who still justify their dominance by reference to the struggle for independence or the early phase of nationalism . END
the capacity of intellectuals and members of the new professional classes to contribute UNK to national development is likely to be destroyed by a UNK sense of inferiority toward both their own political class and their colleagues and professional counterparts in the west . END
particularly when based upon a single dominant party , governments may respond to such a situation by claiming a monopoly of understanding about the national interest . END
convinced of the wisdom of their own actions , and reassured by the promises of their economic development programs , governments may fail to push outward to win more and more people to the national effort , becoming instead more rigid and UNK in their policies . END
american policy toward such societies should stress our sympathy for the emerging social and professional classes . END
it should attempt to communicate both an appreciation of professional standards and an understanding of the tremendous powers and potentialities of genuinely open and UNK societies . END
we have every obligation to take seriously their claims to being democratic and free countries ; ; END
we also have , in consequence , the duty to appraise realistically and honestly their performance and to communicate our judgments to their leaders in frank but friendly ways . END
we have emphasized that the UNK process in each society will take a considerable period of time . END
with the exception of UNK , foreign relations were historically concerned for the most part with conditions of short or at least measurable duration . END
foreign policy now takes on a different perspective and must become skilled not merely at response but also at projection . END
american and UNK policies can UNK affect the pace of transition ; ; END
but basically that pace depends on changes in the supply of resources and in the human attitudes , political institutions , and social structure which each society must generate . END
it follows that any effective policy toward the underdeveloped countries must have a realistically long working horizon . END
it must be marked by a patience and persistence which have not always been its UNK . END
this condition affects not only the conception but also the legislative and financial support of foreign policy , especially in the context of economic aid . END
some of the major functions of religion END
the place of religion in the simple , UNK societies is quite definite ; ; END
as a complex it fits into the whole social organization and functions UNK in every part of it . END
in societies like ours , however , its place is less clear and more complex . END
with the diversity of religious UNK , there are differences of opinion as to the essential features of religion ; ; END
and there are different opinions as to the essential functions of religion . END
nevertheless , for most of the population of heterogeneous advanced societies , though less for the less religious portion , religion does perform certain UNK individual and social functions . END
although the inner functions of religion are not of direct significance in social organization , they have important indirect consequences . END
if the inner functions of religion are performed , the individual is a composed , ordered , motivated , and emotionally secure associate ; ; END
he is not greatly frustrated , and he is not UNK ; ; END
he is better fitted to perform his social life among his fellows . END
there are several closely related inner functions . END
in the last analysis , religion is the means of inducing , formulating , expressing , UNK , UNK , and perpetuating man's deepest experience -- the religious . END
man is first religious ; ; END
religion seeks to satisfy human needs of great UNK . END
the significant things in it , at the higher religious levels , are the inner emotional , mental , and spiritual occurrences that fill the pressing human needs of UNK , UNK , and UNK . END
the chief experience is the sensing of communion , and in the higher religions , of a harmonious relationship with the supernatural power . END
related to this is the fact that most of the higher religions define for the individual his place in the universe and give him a feeling that he is relatively secure in an ordered , dependable universe . END
man has the experience of being helpfully allied with what he cannot fully understand ; ; END
he is a coordinate part of all of the mysterious energy and being and movement . END
the universe is a safe and permanent home . END
a number of religions also satisfy for many the need of being linked with the ultimate and eternal . END
death is not permanent defeat and disappearance ; ; END
man has a second chance . END
he is not lost in the abyss of endless time ; ; END
he has endless being . END
religion at its best also offers the experience of spiritual fulfillment by inviting man into the highest realm of the spirit . END
religion can UNK , UNK , relate , and UNK all the highest ideals and values -- ethical , aesthetic , and religious -- of man formed in his culture . END
there is also the possibility , among higher religions , of experiencing consistent meaning in life and enjoying guidance and UNK . END
the kind of religious experience that most UNK seek not only provides , UNK , and relates human UNK , values , ideals , and purposes ; ; END
it also provides facilities and UNK for the development of personality , UNK , and UNK . END
under the religious impulse , whether UNK or UNK , men have joy in living ; ; END
religion at its best is out in front , ever UNK and leading on , and , as UNK put it , `` UNK all man's scattered energies in one triumphant sense of his own infinite importance '' . END
at the same time that religion UNK the individual helpfully to the supernatural and gives him cosmic peace and a sense of supreme fulfillment , it also has great therapeutic value for him . END
it gives him aid , comfort , even solace , in meeting UNK life situations where his own UNK practical knowledge and skill are felt by him to be inadequate . END
he is confronted with the recurrent crises , such as great natural catastrophes and the great transitions of life -- marriage , UNK disease , UNK , old age , the certainty of death . END
he has to cope with frustration and other emotional disturbance and UNK . END
his religious beliefs provide him with plausible explanations for many conditions which cause him great concern , and his religious faith makes possible UNK , UNK , and UNK , enabling him to endure UNK misfortune , fear , frustration , uncertainty , suffering , evil , and danger . END
religion usually also includes a principle of compensation , mainly in a promised perfect future state . END
the belief in immortality , where held , functions as a UNK for the ills and UNK of the here and now . END
the tensions accompanying a UNK consciousness of UNK or UNK or some UNK secret are relieved for the less self-contained or UNK by confession , UNK , and penance . END
the feeling of individual inferiority , defeat , or UNK growing out of various social situations or individual deficiencies or failures is compensated for by communion in worship or prayer with a friendly , but UNK UNK , as well as by sympathetic fellowship with others who share this faith , and by opportunities in religious acts for giving vent to emotions and energies . END
in providing for these inner individual functions , religion UNK in behalf of individual peace of mind and well-being services for which there is no other institution . END
in addition to the functions of religion within man , there have always been the outer social functions for the community and society . END
the two have never been UNK . END
religion is vitally necessary in both societal maintenance and regulation . END
the UNK of a community or society is always UNK with , and to a degree dependent upon , a more or less shared system of religious beliefs and convictions . END
the religion supports , UNK , UNK , and maintains the fundamental values . END
even in the united states , with its freedom of religious belief and worship and its vast denominational differentiation , there is a general consensus regarding the basic christian values . END
this is demonstrated especially when there is awareness of radically different value orientation elsewhere ; ; END
for example americans rally to christian values UNK those of UNK communism . END
in america also all of our major religious bodies officially sanction a UNK ethic which is reflective of our common religion . END
even the UNK members -- the UNK , marginal UNK and so on -- have the values of christian civilization UNK in them . END
furthermore , religion tends to integrate the whole range of values from the highest or ultimate values of god to the UNK and subordinate values ; ; END
for example , those regarding material objects and pragmatic ends . END
finally , it gives UNK , more than human UNK , and even , through UNK reference , UNK and supernatural importance to some values ; ; END
for example , marriage as a UNK , much UNK as UNK , occasionally the state as a divine instrument . END
it places certain values at least beyond questioning and UNK . END
closely related to this function is the fact that the religious system provides a body of ultimate ends for the society , which are compatible with the supreme eternal ends . END
this something leads to a conception of an over-all social plan with a meaning UNK in terms of ultimate ends ; ; END
for example , a plan that UNK the will of god , which advances the kingdom of god , which involves social life as part of the grand design . END
this explains some group ends and provides a justification of their primacy . END
it gives social guidance and direction and makes for programs of social action . END
finally , it gives meaning to much social endeavor , and logic , consistency , and meaning to life . END
in general , there is no society so UNK as to be completely without religiously inspired UNK ends . END
religion UNK and UNK . END
some of the oldest , most persistent , and most cohesive forms of social groupings have grown out of religion . END
these groups have varied widely from mere families , primitive , UNK groups , and small modern cults and UNK , to the UNK of great denominations , and great , widely dispersed world religions . END
religion UNK group life in various ways . END
the common ultimate values , ends and goals fostered by religion are a most important factor . END
without a system of values there can be no society . END
where such a value system prevails , it always UNK all who possess it ; ; END
it enables members of the society to operate as a system . END
the beliefs of a religion also reflecting the values are expressed in UNK , UNK , and doctrines , and form what UNK calls a credo . END
as he points out , a religious group cannot exist without a collective credo , and the more extensive the credo , the more unified and strong is the group . END
the credo UNK and UNK men by UNK them completely to an identical body of doctrine ; ; END
the more extensive and firm the body of doctrine , the firmer the group . END
the religious symbolism , and especially the closely related rites and worship forms , constitute a powerful bond for the members of the particular faith . END
the religion , in fact , is an expression of the unity of the group , small or large . END
the common codes , for religious action as such and in their ethical aspects for everyday moral behavior , bind the UNK together . END
these are ways of jointly participating in significantly symbolized , standardized , and ordered religiously UNK behavior . END
the codes are mechanism for training in , and directing and enforcing , uniform social interaction , and for continually and publicly UNK the solidarity of the group . END
UNK noted long ago that religion as `` a unified system of beliefs and practices relative to sacred things UNK into one single moral community all those who adhere to them '' . END
his view is that every religion pertains to a community , and , conversely , every community is in one aspect a religious unit . END
this is brought out in the common religious ethos that prevails even in the UNK diverse audiences at many secular UNK and public occasions in the united states ; ; END
and it is evidenced in the prayers offered , in the frequent religious allusions , and in the confirmation of points on religious grounds . END
the unifying effect of religion is also brought out in the fact that historically peoples have clung together as more or less cohesive cultural units , with religion as the dominant bond , even though UNK dispersed and not politically organized . END
the jews for UNK years have been a prime example , though the adherents of any world or UNK religion are cases in point . END
it might be pointed out that the UNK function of religion , for good or ill , has often supported or been identified with other groupings -- political , UNK , language , class , racial , UNK , even economic . END
religion usually exercises a UNK function . END
as such it acts as an anchor for the people . END
there is a marked tendency for religions , once firmly established , to resist change , not only in their own doctrines and policies and practices , but also in secular affairs having religious relevance . END
it has thus been a significant factor in the conservation of social values , though also in some measure , an obstacle to the creation or diffusion of new ones . END
it tends to support the UNK precious sentiments , the traditional ways of thinking , and the customary ways of living . END
as UNK has pointed out , the `` reliance on symbols , on tradition , on sacred writings , on the cultivation of emotional feelings of identity and harmony with sacred values , turns one to the past far more than to the future '' . END
historically , religion has also UNK as a tremendous engine of vindication , enforcement , sanction , and UNK of various other institutions . END
at the same time that religion exercises a UNK influence , it also UNK and UNK both individuals and groups . END
much of the important individual and social action has been owing to religious incentives . END
the great ultimate ends of religion have served as magnificent beacon lights that UNK people toward them with an almost irresistible force , UNK energies and inducing sacrifices ; ; END
for example , the UNK , mission efforts , just wars . END
much effort has been expended in the sincere effort to apply the teaching and UNK of religion . END
the UNK reward systems that most religions UNK have great UNK effects . END
religion provides the most attractive rewards , either in this world or the next , for those who not merely abide by its norms , but who engage in good works . END
religion usually acts as a powerful aid in social control , enforcing what men should or should not do . END
among primitive peoples the sanctions and dictates of religion were more binding than any of the other controls exercised by the group ; ; END
and in modern societies such influence is still great . END
religion has its own supernatural UNK that are at the same time codes of behavior for the here and now . END
overwhelmed with the care of five young children and concerned about persistent economic difficulties due to her husband's marginal income , her defense of denial was UNK strong . END
thus the lack of effective recognition of the responsibilities involved in caring for two babies showed signs of becoming a UNK problem . END
the result , dramatically visible in a matter of days in the family's disrupted daily functioning , was a UNK fear that some terrible harm would UNK the second twin , whose birth had not been anticipated . END
soon mrs. UNK fears threatened to burst into a UNK panic concerning the welfare of the entire family . END
inability to care for the other children , difficulty in feeding the babies , who seemed UNK , UNK fatigue , repeated crying episodes , and short UNK reflected the family's helplessness in coping with the UNK situation . END
clearly , this was a family in crisis . END
mrs. b. compared her feelings of weakness to her feelings of weakness and helplessness at the time of her mother's death when she was eight , as well as her subsequent anger at her father for UNK . END
her previous UNK experiences flashed through her mind as if they had happened yesterday . END
on the anniversary of her father's death she poured out with UNK tears her feelings of guilt about not having attended his funeral . END
in the family's own words ( during the third of twelve visits ) , they had `` reached the crisis peak -- either the situation will give or we will break '' ! ! END
direct confrontation and acceptance of mrs. UNK anger against the second baby soon UNK her fears of annihilation . END
UNK of her anxiety and guilt concerning the death of her parents , when linked up with her current feelings of anger and her fears of loss , abandonment , and annihilation , produced further relief of tension . END
in a joint interview mr. and mrs. b. were helped to understand the meaning of a younger son's wandering away from home in terms of his feelings of displacement in reaction to the arrival of the twins . END
the father , accurately UNK the child's needs , not only respected them as worthy of his attention , but immediately satisfied them by taking him on his lap along with the twins , saying , `` i have a big lap ; ; END
there is room for you , too , johnnie '' . END
simultaneously , a variety of environmental supports -- a calm but not too UNK UNK , referral for temporary economic aid , intelligent use of nursing care , accompaniment to the UNK UNK for medical advice on the UNK feeding problem -- combined to prevent further development of predictable pathological mechanisms . END
follow-up visits of the nurse and social worker indicated continued success in the care of the new babies as well as a marked improvement in the family's UNK mental health and social functioning . END
as seen in the b. family , there must be an attempt to help the client develop conscious awareness of the problem , especially in the absence of a formal request for assistance . END
the lack of awareness usually springs from deep but disguised anxiety , often assuming the superficial guise of `` not knowing '' or `` not caring '' . END
the unhealthy use of denial in the initial reaction to a stress must be handled through the medium of a positive controlled UNK . END
in general , the approach is more active than passive , more UNK than reflective . END
while some regression is inevitable , it is discouraged rather than encouraged so that the UNK does not follow the stages of planned regression associated with certain casework adaptations of the psychoanalytic model for insight therapy . END
to establish an emotionally meaningful relationship the worker must demonstrate actual or potential UNK immediately , preferably within the first interview , by meeting the client's specific needs . END
these needs usually concern the reduction of guilt and some relief of tension . END
the initial interview must be therapeutic rather than purely UNK in an UNK sense . END
in this UNK stage the worker must communicate confidence in the client's ability to deal with the problem . END
in so doing he UNK offers the positive UNK of hope as a kind of UNK dynamic to counteract feelings of helplessness and UNK generally associated with the first stages of stress impact . END
thus , the client receives enough ego support to engage in constructive efforts on his own behalf . END
here there is a specific preventive component which applies in a more generalized sense to any casework situation . END
we are preventing or UNK UNK phenomena such as undue regression , unhealthy suppression and repression , excessive use of denial , and crippling guilt turned against the self . END
while some suppression and some denial are not only necessary but healthy , the worker's clinical knowledge must determine how these defenses are being used , what healthy shifts in defensive adaptation are indicated , and when efforts at bringing about change can be most effectively timed . END
in steering the family toward UNK and away from UNK responses , the worker uses UNK focused casework techniques of specific emotional support , clarification , and UNK guidance . END
over a relatively short period of time , usually about four to twelve weeks , the worker must be able to shift the focus , back and forth , between immediate external UNK UNK ( `` UNK stress '' ) and the key , emotionally relevant issues ( `` underlying problem '' ) which are , often in a dramatic UNK breakthrough , UNK by the crisis situation , and hence once again UNK to resolution . END
though there is obviously nothing new about these techniques , they do challenge the worker's skill to articulate them precisely on the spot and on the basis of quick and accurate diagnostic assessments . END
then , too , the utmost clinical flexibility is necessary in UNK combining carefully timed UNK home visits , single and group office interviews , and appropriate telephone follow-up calls , if the worker is to be genuinely accessible and if the predicted unhealthy outcome is to be actually UNK in accordance with the principles of preventive intervention . END
in addition , in many cases , a variety of concrete social resources -- UNK , day care , medical and financial aid -- must be reasonably available for the reality support needed to UNK the family in its individual and collective coping and UNK efforts . END
at certain critical stages , and only for sound diagnostic reasons , it may be important to accompany family members in their use of these resources if their UNK behavior is to be constructive rather than UNK . END
while expensive in time and involving a great deal of adaptation on the part of the worker ( in terms of his willingness to leave the UNK of his office and enter actively into the client's life ) , techniques of accompaniment were found to be of tremendous value when in the service of specific preventive objectives . END
finally , whatever the techniques used , a twin goal is common to all preventive casework service : to cushion or reduce the force of the stress impact while at the same time to encourage and support family members to UNK and use their ego capacities . END
having outlined an approach to the theory and practice of preventive casework , we now address ourselves to our final question : what place should brief , UNK preventive casework occupy in our total spectrum of services ? ? END
we should first recognize our tendency to develop a hierarchy of values , locating brief treatment at the bottom and long-term intensive service at the top , instead of seeing the services as part of a continuum , each important in its own right . END
this problem is perhaps as old as social casework itself . END
almost three decades ago bertha reynolds undertook a study of UNK interviewing because of her conviction that short-term casework had an important but neglected place in our network of social services . END
her conclusion has been borne out in the experience of many practitioners : `` UNK interviewing is neither a UNK nor a UNK experience but is of the same essential quality as the so-called intensive case work '' . END
thus , casework involving a limited number of interviews is still to be regarded in terms of the quality of service rendered rather than of the quantity of time expended . END
that we are experiencing an UNK of interest in the many formulations and preventive adaptations of brief treatment in social casework is evident from even a small sampling of current literature . END
especially noteworthy is UNK finding that the length of treatment per se is not a reliable indicator of successful outcome . END
according to a number of studies , the important UNK are the nature and management of the client's anxiety as well as the UNK of the helping person . END
for example , the level of improvement noted in a recent experiment with a short course of immediate treatment for UNK relationship problems compared favorably with the results reported by typical child guidance UNK where the hours spent in purely diagnostic study may equal or exceed the number of hours devoted to actual treatment interviews in the experimental project . END
of startling significance , too , is the assertion that it was possible to carry out this program with only a 6 percent attrition rate as compared with a rate of UNK percent reported for a comparable group of families who were receiving help in traditionally operated child guidance services . END
these reports refer to a level of secondary prevention in a child guidance UNK approached by the customary route of voluntary referral by the family or by other professional people . END
UNK to the approach which i have described are evident in the prompt establishment of a helping relationship , quick appraisal of key issues , and the immediate mobilization of treatment plans as the essential dynamics in helping to further the UNK coping efforts in dealing with the interplay of inner and outer stresses . END
while there are many different possibilities for the timing of casework intervention , the experiments recently reported from a variety of traditional settings all point up the importance of an immediate response to the client's initial need for help . END
in some programs , treatment is concentrated over a short period of time , while in others , after the initial contact is established , flexible spacing of interviews has been experimentally used with apparent success . END
willingness to take the risk of early and direct interpretation ( with the UNK that if the interpretation is too threatening , the worker can withdraw ) is another prominent feature in these efforts . END
my aim in mentioning this factor obviously is not to give license to `` wild therapy '' but rather to encourage us to use the UNK clinical casework skills we already possess , and to use them with greater confidence , precision , and professional pride . END
though there is obviously great need for continued experimentation with various types of short-term intervention to further efforts in developing an operational definition of prevention at the secondary -- or perhaps , in some instances , primary -- level , the place of short-term intervention has already been documented by a number of investigators in a wide variety of settings . END
UNK , for example , has emphasized the `` need for a broad spectrum of services , including very brief services in connection with critical situations '' . END
ideally , brief treatment should be arrived at as a treatment of choice rather than as a treatment of chance . END
moreover , the shortage of treatment resources and the UNK persistent shortage of mental health manpower force us to UNK additional refinements of preventive intervention techniques to make services more widely available -- and on a more effective basis to more people . END
further research in the meaning of crises as experienced by the consumers of traditional social casework services -- including attempts to develop a UNK of family structures , crisis problems , reaction mechanisms , and differential treatment approaches -- and the establishment of new experimental programs are imperative social needs which should command the best efforts of UNK in collaboration with community planners . END
our literature is already UNK with a fantastic number of suggestions for preventive agency programming ranging from the immediately practical to the UNK utopian . END
probably , in the immediate future , we will have to settle for UNK efforts that fall short of utopian models . END
increased experimentation with UNK agencies , especially those that combine UNK the traditional functions of family and child welfare services , holds rich promise for the future . END
for example , child welfare experience UNK with cases in which the UNK request for substitute care is precipitated by a crisis event which is UNK linked with a fundamental UNK problem of family relationships . END
tension management and communication of sentiment are the processes involved in the functioning of the element of sentiment or feeling . END
one of the devices for tension management is preferential mating . END
the preferential mating of this particular population has been analyzed in a separate study . END
the relative geographical isolation of the brandywine population makes for a limited choice in mating . END
it would seem necessary that members of this population provide support for one another since it is not provided by the larger society . END
the supportive relations can apparently be achieved in geographical and social isolation . END
the UNK building homes on the same land with either set of parents , and the almost exclusive use of members of the population as sponsors for UNK and UNK illustrate this supportive relationship . END
as loomis remarks , `` in the internal pattern the chief reason for UNK is to communicate liking , friendship , and love among those who stand in supporting relations to one another and corresponding negative sentiments to those who stand in antagonistic relations '' . END
maintenance of the status quo might seem to be the appropriate goal or objective of this population today . END
yet , the object of the element of achieving through the process of goal attaining for this population appears to have been changed by circumstances brought about by the war . END
prior to world war 2 , there was a higher percentage of UNK marriages than after world war 2 . END
the norms , as elements , refer to `` all criteria for judging the character or conduct of both individual and group actions in any social system '' . END
the process of evaluation assigns varying positive and negative priorities or values to elements . END
the elements and processes become evident in a study of mate selection in this population . END
from the evidence `` it may be UNK that core - core marriages are the preferred unions for core males and females ; ; END
core - marginal marriages still belong in the category of permissive unions ; ; END
and core - negro marriages are UNK for core members '' . END
the element of UNK and associated processes have not been sufficiently investigated for this population to permit any type of UNK about them . END
there is some indication from a limited number of interviews with members of the population that the element of power , primarily the voluntary influence of UNK power , has been exerted on actors in the system , particularly in regard to mate selection . END
this would seem to vary from family to family , depending somewhat on the core or marginal `` status '' of that family . END
again , size of the group may have some influence on the strength of group controls . END
interviews with members of the brandywine population were attempted in order to discover the ranking of the various families in the population . END
the large majority of the UNK placed core families in the upper positions . END
loomis considers ranking a product of the evaluation process . END
`` the standing or rank of an actor in a given social system is determined by the evaluation placed upon the actor and his acts in accordance with the norms and standards of the system '' . END
despite the increasing rate of UNK marriages , the population has been able to sustain , at least to some degree , the consciousness of its intermediate status in society . END
to some extent the system can be considered a UNK in which `` UNK UNK are determined by birth , by attributes such as sex or UNK , which are UNK or socially UNK '' . END
the adherence of many in the population to the indian background in their UNK , and emphasis upon the fact that their ancestors had never been slaves , becomes of prime interest in determining how far these elements promote the UNK of the intermediate status of the group in society . END
the negative sanctions applied to core - negro marriages for core members act as indicators of expected adherence to group norms . END
however , because of church laws , lately more UNK enforced , which forbid the marriage of cousins closely related UNK , a means of UNK the goal of in-group relations may be that of recourse to UNK unions . END
a cursory survey of available material indicates a high rate of UNK births occurring to parents who have a close UNK relationship . END
the comprehensive or master processes UNK all or some of the elements within the social system and subsystems . END
within the larger social system are the structural and functional subsystems . END
the structural UNK , consisting of relatively stable UNK among its parts , includes : 1 . END
subgroups of various types , UNK by UNK norms . END
roles of various types , within the larger system and within the subgroups 3 . END
UNK norms governing subgroups and roles . END
in the study of marriage patterns for this group , UNK produces the structural system -- a system of UNK -- which , in turn , maintains the system of UNK . END
subgroups of various types have been found within this system . END
each family line can be considered a UNK . END
there seems to be an implied cultural value attached to the fact of core status within the group . END
additionally , the UNK of core - negro marriages for core families , discussed above , would seem to act as a UNK norm governing subgroups and roles . END
the scope of this study does not provide for the study of roles of various types within the larger system or within the subgroups . END
however , it cannot be presumed , informal though the structure of the population seems , that there are not UNK roles within the system . END
the present study relates to the theory of functional systems . END
it is UNK that fertility is a function of the social system when the population as a whole is considered and a function of the subsystems when the UNK division of core families and marginal families is considered . END
the four functional problems of a social system are , to some extent , solved by the subsystems within this population . END
by means of geographical isolation and high fertility rates , UNK can be fostered and the pattern of isolation from the greater society maintained . END
in order to attain the goal of group solidarity and to relieve tension , the high fertility rate provides more group members for mate selection , and the UNK of members in groups UNK acceptance of group controls . END
to maintain their intermediate position in the larger society , it is not only necessary that members of this population be `` visible '' , but that their numbers be great enough to be recognized as a separate , distinct grouping or system in society . END
as mentioned above , where families are concentrated in larger numbers , group controls seem strongest and most effective . END
adaptation to the social and UNK environment through the economy has been met to a degree through a type of occupational segregation . END
this provides the necessary contact with the larger society , while supporting a type of control over members in terms of social contacts . END
integration `` has to do with the UNK of parts '' . END
the problem of solidarity and morale again involves the concept of values . END
the values placed by the brandywine population , upon maintaining a certain homogeneity , a certain separate racial identity , and therefore a certain separate social status , are important for the morale of the system . END
since morale is closely related to pattern maintenance and integration , the higher the morale and solidarity , the better the system can solve the problems of the system . END
in this respect it would seem that the greater the social distance between the brandywine population and the white and negro populations within the same general locality , the greater the possibility for higher morale and solidarity within the brandywine population . END
it is conceived that one of the means to attain this social distance is that of physical and social isolation . END
in turn , higher fertility rates for this population provide a means of increasing the numerical quantity of the population , allowing for the possibility of greater stability and unity . END
the population can thereby replenish itself and actually grow larger . END
of particular utility in the analysis of the development , persistence , and change of social systems has been the use of the master or comprehensive processes . END
loomis considers six such processes in his paradigm . END
UNK though undoubtedly all six processes are operative within the whole social system and its subsystems , two processes that are of crucial importance to this study will be singled out for particular emphasis . END
in discussing the process of communication , loomis defines it as `` the process by which information , decisions , and directives are transmitted among actors and the ways in which knowledge , opinions , and attitudes are formed , or modified by interaction '' . END
communication may be UNK by means of the high visibility within the larger community . END
intense interaction is easier where segregated living and occupational segregation mark off a group from the rest of the community , as in the case of this population . END
however , the factor of physical isolation is not a static situation . END
although the brandywine population is still predominantly rural , `` there are indications of a consistent and a statistically significant trend away from the older and relatively isolated rural communities . END
urbanization appears to be an important factor in the disintegration of this group . END
this conclusion is , however , an UNK . END
a more realistic analysis must take into account the fact that brandywine people in the UNK area are , in general , less segregated locally than group members in rural areas . END
in the urban area , in other words , they , unlike some urban ethnic groups , do not concentrate in ghetto colonies . END
group pressures toward conformity are slight or UNK , and UNK behavior in mate selection UNK few if any social sanctions . END
in such a setting social contacts and associations are likely to be UNK , resulting in a change of values and , almost necessarily , in mate selection behavior . END
to the extent that urban life contributes to the breakdown of the group patterns of residential isolation , to that extent it contributes directly to increased UNK '' . END
the process of social control is operative insofar as sanctions play a part in the individual's behavior , as well as the UNK behavior . END
by means of this social control , UNK is either eliminated or somehow made compatible with the function of the social group . END
examples from this population indicate that UNK seems to be sanctioned by UNK from the group . END
there is an oral tradition among the members of the population in regard to the origin and subsequent separate status of the group in the larger society . END
confused and divided though this tradition may be , it is an important part of the social and cultural heritage of the group , and acts as a means of socialization , particularly for members of the rural community . END
the fact of indian ancestry and `` free '' status during the days of slavery , are important distinctions made by members of the group . END
`` culturally induced social cohesion resulting from common norms and values UNK by members of the group '' is operative in the boundary maintenance of the group as well as in the process of socialization . END
the process of boundary maintenance identifies and preserves the social system or subsystems , and the characteristic interaction is maintained . END
as the threat of encroachment on the system increases , the `` probability of applied boundary maintenance mechanisms increases '' . END
the fertility rate pattern would seem to be a function , though a latent one , of the process of maintaining the boundary . END
`` increased boundary maintenance may be achieved , for example , by assigning a higher primacy or evaluation to activities characteristic of the external pattern . END
'' the external pattern or external system can be considered as `` group behavior that enables the group to survive in its environment . END
'' boundary maintenance for this group would seem to be primarily social , as is the preference for UNK . END
it is also expressed in the UNK against UNK in the matter of UNK , particularly in rural areas . END
by their pattern of UNK and UNK , the core families and the marginal families show distinct limits to the UNK contact they maintain . END
where boundary maintenance describes the boundaries or limits of the group , UNK UNK is defined `` as the process whereby one or more of the elements of at least two social systems is UNK in such a manner that the two systems in some ways and on some occasions may be viewed as a single unit . END
a royal UNK issued in 1910 , two years after the belgian government assumed authority for the administration of the congo , prescribed the registration of all adult males by UNK . END
further decrees along this line were issued in 1916 and 1919 . END
in 1922 a continuous registration of the whole UNK population was instituted by ordinance of the UNK , and the periodic compilation of these records was ordered . END
but specific procedures for carrying out this plan were left to the discretion of the provincial governors . END
a unified set of regulations , applicable to all areas , was issued in 1929 , and a complementary series of demographic inquiries in selected areas was instituted at the same time . END
the whole system was again reviewed and reorganized in 1933 . END
general responsibility for its administration rested with a division of the colonial government concerned with labor supply and native affairs , service des UNK UNK et de la UNK ( aimo , af direction , af direction generale , UNK generale ) . END
tribal authorities , the chiefs and their secretaries , were held responsible for maintaining the registers of UNK persons within their territories , under the general supervision of district officials . END
the district officials , along with their other duties , were obliged to organize special demographic inquiries in selected areas and to supervise the annual UNK of demographic statistics . END
the regulations require the inscription of each individual ( male or female , adult or child ) on a separate card ( UNK ) . END
the cards , filed by UNK ( UNK , or village ) , are kept in the headquarters of each UNK ( UNK ) . END
each card is expected to show certain information about the individual concerned , including his or her date of birth ( or age at a specified time ) , spouses , and children . END
additional entries must be made from time to time . END
different cards are used for males and females , and a corner is UNK from the cards of adults , and of children when they reach UNK . END
so a quick count could be made at any time , even by an illiterate clerk , of the number of registered persons in four UNK classes . END
personal identification cards are issued to all adult males on which tax payments , UNK , periods of employment , and changes of residence are recorded . END
similar identification cards were issued in 1959 to all adult females . END
each adult is held personally responsible for assuring his inscription and obtaining an identification card which must be shown on demand . END
the registration card of a person leaving his home territory for a short period is put into a special file for absent persons . END
the cards of permanent UNK are , in theory , sent to an office in the place of new residence . END
finally , the registration of births and deaths by nearest relatives was made compulsory in most regions . END
numbers of registered persons in four UNK classes were counted each year . END
in addition , demographic inquiries , supposedly involving field investigations , were conducted in selected minor divisions ( UNK ) containing about 3 percent of the total population . END
the results of these inquiries were used to adjust UNK of data from the registers and to provide various ratios and rates by districts , including birth and death rates , general fertility rates , distributions by marital status , fertility of wives separately in UNK and UNK UNK , infant mortality , and migration . END
the areas to be examined in these inquiries were selected by local officials , supposedly as representative of a larger population . END
averages of the ratios obtained in a few selected areas were applied to the larger population . END
the scheme , in theory , is an ingenious adaptation of european registration systems to the conditions of african life . END
but it places a severe strain on the administrative resources ( already burdened in other ways ) of a widely dispersed , poor and largely illiterate population . END
the sampling program was instituted before the principles of probability sampling were widely recognized in population studies . END
the system was not well adapted to conditions of life in urban centers . END
the distinction between UNK ( de UNK ) and present ( de facto ) population was not clearly defined . END
so the results are subject to considerable confusion . END
the system tended to break down during the war , but was UNK ; ; END
it had reached the pre-war level of efficiency by 1951 . END
in spite of the defects in this system , the figures on total population during the late 1930's and again in the early 1950's seem to have represented actual conditions in most districts with approximate fidelity . END
but the information on the dynamics of population was often quite misleading . END
the same system , with minor modifications , was developed in ruanda-urundi under belgian administration . END
here again it seems that useful UNK of the size and geographical distribution of the population were obtained in this way in the late pre-war and early post-war periods . END
before considering more recent activities , we should note another important aspect of UNK in belgian africa . END
a number of strong independent agencies , established in some cases with governmental or royal support , have conducted large medical , social , educational and research operations in particular parts of the congo and ruanda-urundi . END
the work of UNK UNK UNK pour UNK UNK UNK UNK du congo UNK ( UNK ) has special interest with respect to UNK . END
this agency accepted responsibility for medical services to a population ranging from UNK persons in 1941 to UNK in 1956 in the UNK district and adjacent areas east of UNK . END
each year from 1941 on , its medical staff had conducted intensive field investigations to determine changes in population structure and vital rates and , as its primary objective , the incidence of major diseases . END
its findings are reported each year in its rapport UNK UNK UNK UNK ( UNK ) . END
somewhat similar investigations have been made by medical officers in other areas . END
other independent , or partially independent agencies , have promoted investigations on topics directly or indirectly related to UNK . END
these studies vary widely in scope and precision . END
UNK pour la UNK UNK en UNK UNK ( irsac ) has sponsored UNK field investigations and has UNK closely with the government of ruanda-urundi in the development of its official statistics . END
a massive investigation of the characteristics of UNK and prospective UNK in ruanda-urundi is being carried on by j. j. UNK , former director of the social science branch of irsac , now a professor at UNK UNK du congo UNK et du ruanda-urundi . END
some 30,000 completed schedules with 20 items ( collected by UNK in UNK UNK ) have been tabulated . END
the results are now being analyzed . END
statistics have been recognized as a matter of strategic importance in the congo and in ruanda-urundi during the post-war years in connection with long-term economic and social programs . END
the aimo organizations of both countries , which maintain administrative services throughout the territories , retained immediate responsibility for the collection and publication of demographic information . END
however , the statistical offices of both governments were assigned responsibility for the planning and analysis of these statistics . END
a bureau de la UNK ( a. UNK , director ) was formed under aimo in the congo , to work in close rapport with the section UNK of the secretariat general . END
eventually responsibility for demographic inquiries in the congo was transferred to the demographic division of the central statistical office . END
the 1952 demographic inquiry in ruanda-urundi was directed by v. UNK , a member of the irsac staff , though the inquiry was carried out under the auspices of aimo , which has continuing responsibility for demographic statistics in this territory . END
a member of the irsac staff ( e. van de UNK ) was recently delegated to cooperate with aimo in the development of demographic statistics in this territory . END
the initiation of sampling UNK in ruanda-urundi ( 1952 ) and in the congo ( 1955 - 57 ) were major advances . END
we will deal first with the program in the congo though this was put into operation later than the other . END
the radical nature of the innovation in the congo was not emphasized in the official announcements . END
the term UNK UNK , previously used for the supplementary investigations carried out in connection with the administrative UNK , was used for the new investigations . END
however , the differences in procedure are fundamental . END
these are as follows : ( 1 ) field work procedures . END
field operations were transferred from administrative personnel primarily engaged in other tasks to specially trained teams of full-time african investigators ( three teams , each working in two provinces ) . END
these teams carried out the same operations UNK in different areas . END
( 2 ) nature of the sample . END
sample areas in the new investigations were selected strictly by application of the principles of probability theory , so as to be representative of the total population of defined areas within UNK limits . END
in short , scientific sampling was introduced in place of subjective sampling . END
the populations of the various districts , or other major divisions , were UNK by type of community ( rural , urban , mixed ) and , where appropriate , by ethnic affiliation and by type of economy . END
sample units ( villages in rural areas , houses in cities ) were drawn systematically within these UNK . END
( 3 ) size of the sample . END
different sampling ratios were applied under different conditions . END
higher proportions were sampled in urban and mixed communities than in rural areas . END
about 11 percent of the total population was covered in the new investigation , as compared with about 3 percent in the previous inquiries . END
( 4 ) questions and definitions . END
uniform questions , definitions , and procedures were enforced throughout the whole country . END
data were obtained , separately , on three classes of persons : ( a ) residents , present ; ; END
( b ) residents , absent ; ; END
and ( c ) visitors . END
in the reports , summary results are given for both the de facto ( a and c ) and de UNK ( a and b ) populations ; ; END
but the subsequent analysis of characteristics is reported only for the de UNK population ( or , in some districts , only the de facto population ) . END
these changes represent , in effect , a shift from ( 1 ) an administrative compilation of data obtained through procedures designed primarily to serve political and economic objectives to ( 2 ) a systematic sampling census of the whole african population . END
the population registration system still has important functions . END
it supplies local data which are useful in administration and which can be used as a basis for intensive studies in particular situations . END
it provides a frame for the sampling census . END
it also provides a frame within which the registration of vital events is gradually gaining force ( though one cannot expect to obtain reliable vital statistics in most parts of the congo from this source in the near future ) . END
it is still used in making current population estimates in UNK years , though the value of these estimates is open to question . END
finally , it may have certain very important , less obvious values . END
even though the registers may have an incomplete record of persons present in a particular area or include persons no longer living there , they contain precise information on ages , by date of birth , for some of the persons present ( especially children in relatively stable communities ) and supplementary information ( such as records of marital status ) for many others . END
the quality of the census data can , therefore , be greatly improved by the use of the registration records in conjunction with the field inquiries . END
furthermore , it may be possible to estimate the error due to bias in method ( as distinguished from sampling error ) in each of these sources , on such subjects as fertility , mortality , and migration during a given interval by using information from two largely independent sources in conjunction . END
the first sampling census in the congo extended over a three-year period , 1955 - 57 ; ; END
the results were still being processed in 1959 . END
it is planned to double the number of teams and to make use of improved equipment in a second demographic inquiry in 1960 , so that the inquiry can be carried through in one year and the results published more UNK . END
it is proposed that in the future complete sampling UNK be carried out at five-year intervals . END
reports already issued on the sampling census , 1955 - 57 , in various areas run as follows ( using only the french and omitting corresponding flemish titles ) . END
this report contains preliminary notes and 35 tables . END
other reports in identical form , but with somewhat varying content , have been issued . END
these area reports will be followed , according to present plans , by a summary report , which will include a detailed statement on methods . END
with this evidence in mind , the writer began to plan how he might more effectively educate the married students in his functional classes . END
toward the end of the UNK work , he interviewed every married class member at great length . END
he found , as he had suspected , a general consensus that perhaps over half of the present functionally designed course was not really functional for these students . END
however , all admitted that the `` UNK '' was not altogether lost . END
in their own words , it had aided them to get a clearer picture of how they had gotten into their marriages , and perhaps they had obtained some insights on why certain troubles appeared from time to time . END
in fact , they went so far as to caution the writer that if he attempted to design a section exclusively for married students there should be , at the beginning , some `` UNK '' study ; ; END
but they all hastened to add that certainly less time was needed on it than presently spent . END
all of them felt a compelling need for more coverage on areas that could be only lightly touched upon in a general survey functional course . END
a few were doubtful about the merits of an exclusive section for married students . END
as one of them expressed it , `` it has done me a world of good to listen to the naive questions and comments of these UNK people . END
i can now better see just what processes provoked certain actions from me in the past . END
had i been in an UNK section i would have missed this , and i believe that this single aspect has been of great personal value to me '' . END
this comment and others similar to it , would seem to indicate a possible justification for continuing the status quo . END
but the weight of feeling was heavily in the opposite direction . END
thus , the writer decided to hold one experimental section of the functional preparation for marriage course in the spring semester of 1960 exclusively for persons already married -- that is , UNK : `` marriage '' . END
this did not mean that married students could not enroll in other `` mixed '' sections , and some of them , largely because of UNK difficulties , did . END
but only those already married could enroll in this one section . END
in addition , two other differences in the two types of sections must be noted . END
( 1 ) the regular sections do not allow UNK ; ; END
this action was UNK on the basis of a small survey which indicated that a high percentage of married UNK women on our campus never become UNK . END
many of them appear to drop out , for one reason or another . END
by permitting freshman students we might extend the opportunity for such a course to some individuals who otherwise might never get to take it . END
this has subsequently been verified by the experience . END
( 2 ) auditors were encouraged . END
in the regular sections they have always been more or less discouraged . END
the philosophy has been that if they could find the time to attend class why not encourage them to get the credit and perhaps provide an incentive to do the work more effectively . END
besides , auditors do not count on faculty load with the same weight as regularly enrolled students . END
but in this one section we welcomed auditors . END
for no particular reason , other than that the writer felt it might -- just might -- encourage both mates to be in attendance . END
many of the men on our campus have a pretty set curriculum , especially in the various engineering fields , with few UNK till the senior year . END
incidentally , it needs to be noted that because auditors were permitted the section began increasing in numbers each week , until at last it UNK to such proportions that this `` free '' UNK policy had to be UNK . END
after that , we began to get `` visitors '' to class . END
this experimental class represented quite a variety of students . END
it ranged from a freshman woman , just married , through the various academic growth stages , including one UNK student , to a young faculty member recently married to a senior man who also attended . END
it ranged from those with no children , through students in various stages of pregnancy , to one UNK male with four children , three of whom were teenagers . END
it ranged from two women members who had experienced UNK pregnancy to one couple twelve years married and seemingly unable to conceive . END
one might UNK at this point and speculate that if it is `` wise '' to create special sections for special status , then why not a special section for women pregnant before marriage , and one for UNK men with teenage children , and so on . END
some of these speculations may have some merit , others are somewhat ambiguous . END
but few who have experienced marriage can dispute the fact that the focus of UNK relationships is different in marriage than in a UNK situation . END
the writer began this special class by explaining his background thinking for creating such a section in the first place . END
he made it clear from the beginning that this was the students' opportunity , and that the future destiny of such groups depended on favorable results from this one . END
he did build a framework of academic `` respectability '' , and one which did not UNK upon the `` sacred sovereignty '' of any other existing campus course . END
this is to say that this was not a course in wise buying or money spending methods , nor a course in how to raise children . END
we already have courses covering those problems , and so on . END
but within that framework he allowed for as much flexibility as possible . END
a steering committee of students was organized on the first day whose duty it was to be alert and constantly evaluate and UNK the direction and pace the class was taking . END
the writer , being UNK through his interviews of the reactions of previous married students , did insist on there being included some `` UNK '' material . END
but the greater part of semester time was actually centered around the attitudes : `` so we are married -- now how do we make the best of it '' ? ? END
or `` how do we enrich our already fine marriage '' ? ? END
films were used , as with all sections , but with one big difference . END
our campus , unfortunately , owns no films . END
since they are all either rented or borrowed , the requested dates for their use have to be far in advance . END
the writer never knew from week to week just where the section might be . END
for example , the steering committee might announce that the group felt a topic under study should not be dropped for an additional week as there was still too much of it untouched . END
since the writer had established this democratic procedure in the beginning he had to go along with their decision -- after , of course , pointing out whether he thought their decision was a wise or an UNK one . END
thus the films seen as they came in ( coordinated for the regular sections ) , were often out of context . END
nevertheless , the writer has never experienced such spontaneity of discussion after film UNK . END
though it did not become known to the writer for some time , a nucleus group had sprung up within the class . END
they began to meet in the evenings and carry forward various discussions they felt not fully enough covered in class . END
from a few students this group gradually increased to include over UNK of those officially enrolled in the class , and many outsiders as well . END
also , although only a few of the students were intimately acquainted with each other in the beginning , most reported that when the semester ended their UNK and closest campus friendships were with members of that class . END
in fact , they often UNK their social activities to include class members previously unknown . END
UNK outside reading reports were handled just as in the other sections , the major difference being that there was a UNK deeper level in the reported outside reading by the married group . END
these students , although they might read various articles in popular magazines , more often chose to report on articles found in the journals . END
in addition to the noticeable difference in outside articles , there was a considerable difference in the outside books they read . END
whereas a high percentage of the regular students can be expected to read other texts which more or less plow the same ground in a little different direction , the married students chose whole books on specific areas and went into much greater detail in their areas of interest . END
since the writer had not noticed this characteristic in married students scattered throughout the various sections previous to this experiment , nor , as a matter of fact , in those who were continuing in `` single sections '' , he can only conclude that there must have been something `` UNK '' within the specific group which caused this to occur . END
in the main , this course took the following directional high roads . END
( 1 ) a great deal of time was spent on processes for solving marital differences . END
this was not a search for a `` magic formula '' , but rather an examination of basic principles pertaining especially to all types of communication in marriage . END
in short , it was centered around learning how to develop a more sensitive UNK . END
not until the group was satisfied in this area were they willing to venture further to ( 2 ) , specific adjustment areas , such as sex , UNK , religion , finance , and so on . END
from here they proceeded to ( 3 ) these same areas in relation to their own future family life stages , developing these to the extent of examining various crises which could be expected to confront them at some time or other . END
as an example of this last UNK , there were some lengthy discussions centered around bereavement . END
mainly these were concerned with the possibility of the death of one parent and the complication of living with the UNK afterward , but the possible death of one's own UNK was not overlooked . END
since the course , one member has lost her husband . END
this was not a particularly shocking or unexpected thing -- it was previously known to her that it might happen . END
but just when was an unknown , and of course the longer it did not happen , the stronger her wish and belief that it might not . END
since her bereavement this individual has reported to the writer on numerous occasions about how helpful the class discussions were to her in this adjustment crisis . END
quite frequently class members brought questions from their mates at home . END
these were often carefully written out with a great deal of thought behind them . END
this added a personal zest to class discussions and participation . END
both sexes reported that the discussions on sex adjustment within marriage were extremely UNK . END
the writer sensed a much freer and more frank discussion , especially of this one area , than ever before . END
he felt certain for the first time in his teaching experience that the men in the class understood that orgasm , as a criterion , is not nearly so essential for a satisfying female sexual experience as most males might think . END
this was probably much more meaningful because all the women in the class emphasized it time and again . END
on the other hand , the women class members appeared to reach a far greater understanding than have women members in other sections that it is more natural for males as a group to view sex as sex rather than always UNK it with love as most women seem to do . END
in the UNK area it could be readily observed that all felt freer to discuss things than students had previously in `` mixed '' marital status sections . END
perhaps this was related to the fact that all were in on it to some extent . END
never in other sections has there been the opportunity for the genuine down-to-earth discussions about the feelings of both spouses during various stages of pregnancy . END
there was a particularly marvelous opportunity for study in this area since almost every stage of pregnancy was represented , from a UNK couple to and including every UNK . END
in fact , we had one birth before the end of the course , and another student had to take the final UNK a week early , just to be on the safe side . END
there was also one spontaneous abortion during the semester . END
thus it is reasonable to believe that there is a significant difference between the two groups in their performance on this task after a brief `` UNK '' experience . END
it was predicted that kohnstamm-negative subjects would adhere to more liberal , UNK reports of what the ambiguous figure `` looked like '' as reflecting their UNK about taking chances . END
this was true mostly of those kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not perceive the ambiguous figure as people in action . END
responses such as `` rope with a loop in it '' , and `` two pieces of rope '' , were quite characteristic . END
the three personality inventories ( UNK ; ; END
UNK ) were filled out by 12 of the kohnstamm-positive subjects and 19 of the kohnstamm-negative subjects . END
these were the same subjects who were given the UNK test . END
some UNK had been made concerning factors r , n , i and co on these inventories which appeared to be directly related to control and security aspects of personality functioning which were UNK as being of importance in differential kohnstamm reactivity . END
only co differentiated between the two groups at less than the 5% level ( af ) . END
one prediction had been made about the difference in security or self-confidence between those subjects who shifted their kohnstamm reactivity when informed and those who did not . END
the UNK had been separated into two groups on this assumption with the presumably `` secure '' UNK and `` secure '' reactors being used as the groups for comparative personality studies . END
it was predicted that those who shifted in their kohnstamm reactivity would differ significantly from those who did not on the factor i which the investigators refer to as the `` inferiority '' factor . END
all of the subjects in the kohnstamm-negative and kohnstamm-positive groups ( as defined for purposes of the personality studies ) were compared with those subjects who shifted in conditions 3 , or 4 . END
a t test on these two groups , UNK vs. UNK , gave a `` t '' value of UNK which is significant on the UNK test at the END
individual differences in kohnstamm reactivity to controlled kohnstamm situations were found among the subjects used in the study . END
only UNK ( 11 subjects ) gave a positive kohnstamm reaction when completely naive concerning the phenomenon . END
there were UNK ( 20 subjects ) who did not give a positive reaction even after they were informed of the normalcy of such a reaction and had been given a demonstration . END
there were UNK ( 10 subjects ) who shifted from a negative to a positive reaction after they were reassured as to the normalcy of the kohnstamm-positive reaction . END
among this latter group there were also differences in the amount and kind of information necessary before a shift in reaction occurred . END
one subject changed when given only the information that some people have something happen to their arm when they relax . END
five subjects ( UNK ) did not change until they had been told that some people have something happen to their arm , what that something was , and also were given a demonstration . END
four subjects ( 10% ) did not change even then but needed the additional information that an arm-elevation under these circumstances was a perfectly normal UNK reaction which some people showed while others did not . END
at no time was it implied by the experimenter that the UNK initial reaction was UNK . END
the subjects were only given information about other possibilities of `` normal '' reaction . END
those who responded with an arm-elevation in the naive state did not change their reaction when told that there were some normal people who did not react in this fashion . END
this information was accepted with the frequent interpretation that those persons who did not show UNK must be preventing it . END
these subjects implied that they too could prevent their arms from rising if they tried . END
the positive kohnstamm reactivity in condition 1 ( ( the naive state ) is not adequately explained by such a concept as UNK ( if UNK is defined as the influence on behavior by verbal UNK ) . END
in no way , either verbally or UNK , did the experimenter indicate to the subjects any preferred mode of responding to the voluntary contraction . END
moreover , when the experimenter did inform those subjects that there were some normal people who did not have their arm rise once they relaxed , the kohnstamm-positive subjects were UNK in their subsequent reactions to the kohnstamm situation . END
they continued to give an arm-elevation . END
a differential UNK would have to be invoked to explain the failure of this additional information to influence the kohnstamm-positive reactors and yet attribute their naive kohnstamm reactivity to suggestion . END
UNK , the reaction of the subject in such a way as to conform to his own expectations of the outcome ( i.e. , that the UNK is a reaction to the pressure exerted in the voluntary contraction , because of his knowledge that `` to every reaction there is an equal and opposite reaction '' ) also seems inadequate as an explanation for the following reasons : ( 1 ) the UNK apparently genuine experience of surprise when their arms rose , and ( 2 ) manifestations of the phenomenon despite UNK of something else happening ( e.g. , of becoming dizzy and maybe falling , an expectation spontaneously volunteered by one of the subjects ) . END
a suggestion hypothesis also seems inadequate as an explanation for those who shifted their reactions after they were informed of the possibilities of `` normal '' reactions different from those which they gave . END
while they were told that there were some normal people who reacted differently than they had , they were also informed that there were other UNK who reacted as they had . END
there was no implication made that their initial reaction ( absence of an arm-elevation ) was less preferred than the presence of UNK . END
a more tenable explanation for the change in reactions is that the added knowledge and increased familiarity with the total situation made it possible for these subjects to be less guarded and to relax , since any reaction seemed acceptable to the examiner as `` normal '' . END
the naive state , condition 1 , , could therefore be viewed as an UNK one for UNK of the subjects in this study . END
they were not free to be themselves in this situation , an UNK one , where there was an observer of their reactions and they had no guide for acceptable behavior . END
instructions to relax , i.e. , to be `` spontaneous '' , and react immediately to whatever impulse they might have , was not sufficiently reassuring until some idea of the possibilities of normal reactions had been given . END
while other conditions might be even more effective in bringing about a change from immobility to mobility in kohnstamm reactivity , it is our hypothesis that all such conditions would have as a common factor the capacity to induce an attitude in the subject which enabled him to divorce himself temporarily from feelings of responsibility for his behavior . END
alcohol UNK succeeded in changing immobility to mobility quite strikingly in one pilot subject ( the only one with whom this technique was tried ) . END
this subject , who has been undergoing psychoanalytic psychotherapy for five years , did not give a positive kohnstamm reaction under any of the four standardized conditions used in this experiment while sober . END
after two drinks containing alcohol , her arm flew upward very freely . END
there was evident delight on the part of the subject in response to her experience of the freedom of movement . END
she described herself as having the same kind of `` irresponsible '' feeling as she had once experienced under UNK . END
she ascribed her delight with both experiences to the effect they seemed to have of temporarily removing from her the controls which she felt so UNK necessary to maintain even when it might seem appropriate to relax these controls . END
many subjects attributed differences in kohnstamm reactivity to differences in degrees of subjective control -- voluntary as the kohnstamm-positive subjects perceived it and UNK as the kohnstamm-negative subjects perceived it . END
these suggested interpretations were given by the subjects spontaneously when they were told that there were people who reacted differently than they had . END
the kohnstamm-positive subjects described the vivid experience of having their arms rise as one in which they exercised no control . END
they explained its absence in others on the basis of an intervention of control factors . END
they felt that they too could counteract the upward arm movement by a voluntary effort after they had once experienced the reaction . END
some of those who did not initially react with an arm-elevation also associated their behavior in the situation with control factors -- an inability to relinquish control voluntarily . END
one subject spontaneously asked ( after her arm had finally risen ) , `` do you suppose i was unconsciously keeping it down before '' ? ? END
another said that her arm did not go up at first `` because i wouldn't let it ; ; END
i thought it wasn't supposed to '' . END
this subject was one who gave an arm-elevation on the second trial in the naive state but not in the first . END
she had felt that her arm wanted to go up in the first trial , but had consciously prevented it from so doing . END
she explained UNK of others by saying that they were `` not letting themselves relax '' . END
when informed that there were some persons who did not have their arm go up , she commented , `` i don't see how they can prevent it '' . END
in contrast to this UNK explanation for UNK given by the kohnstamm-positive subjects , the kohnstamm-negative subjects offered an UNK hypothesis to explain UNK . END
they felt that they were relaxing as much as they could and that any control factors which might be present to prevent response must be on an unconscious level . END
the above discussion does not mean to imply that control factors were completely in UNK in the kohnstamm-positive subjects ; ; END
but rather that they could be diminished sufficiently not to interfere with UNK . END
one kohnstamm-positive subject who had both arms rise while being tested in the naive condition described her subjective experience as follows : `` you feel they're going up and you're on a stage and it's not right for them to do so and then you think maybe that's what's supposed to happen '' . END
she then described her experience as one in which she first had difficulty accepting for herself a state of being in which she relinquished control . END
however , she was able to relax and yield to the moment . END
it is our hypothesis that kohnstamm-positive subjects are less UNK about relinquishing control than are kohnstamm-negative subjects ; ; END
that they can give up their control and allow themselves to be reactors rather than actors . END
it is our belief that this readiness to relinquish some control was evidenced by the kohnstamm-positive subjects in some of the other experimental situations to be discussed below . END
thus , this readiness to relax controls , evidenced in the kohnstamm situation , appears to be a more general personality factor . END
the kohnstamm-positive subjects seemed to be freer to experience the unusual and seemingly impossible in the external world . END
there was a significantly greater number in this group who reported a desk as being in a tilted position while a tennis ball resting on it remained UNK on the incline . END
this occurred in spite of the rational awareness that the ball should be going downhill . END
they knew that their perceptual experience differed from objective reality since they had seen the desk and ball prior to putting on the UNK lenses . END
yet they were not so bound by past experience and UNK as to deny their immediate perceptions and to be dominated by their knowledge of what the experience should be . END
the change in perceptions by some of the kohnstamm-negative subjects , after they had been informed of the possibilities of normal reactions , suggests that their UNK and UNK is associated with their general mode of responding to strange or unknown situations . END
they were able to experience at first , in terms of past UNK . END
when informed as to the various possibilities of normal reactions , they were then able to experience the uniqueness of the present . END
it might be postulated that these subjects are unduly afraid of being wrong ; ; END
that they perceive new internal and environmental situations as `` threatening '' until they are tested and proved otherwise . END
while the interpretations that have been given are inferences only , they gain support from such comments as the following , which was made by one of the kohnstamm-negative subjects who did not , on the first trial , perceive the tilt illusion . END
it would have been desirable for the two communities to have differed only in respect to the variable being investigated : the degree of structure in teaching method . END
the structured schools were in an industrial city , with UNK UNK houses typical of the residential areas , but with one rather sizable section of middle-class homes . END
the unstructured schools were in a large suburban community , predominantly middle- to UNK class , but fringed by an industrial area . END
in order to equate the samples on UNK status , we chose schools in both cities on the basis of UNK status of the neighborhoods . END
school principals and guidance workers made ratings of the various neighborhoods and the research team made independent observations of houses and dwelling areas . END
an objective scale was developed for rating school neighborhoods from these data . END
equal proportions of children in each city were drawn from UNK and lower-middle class neighborhoods . END
individual differences in UNK and the development of readiness for learning to read indicate that not until the third grade have most children had ample opportunity to demonstrate their capacity for school achievement . END
therefore , third-grade children were chosen as subjects for this study . END
for purposes of sample selection only ( individual tests were given later ) we obtained group test scores of reading achievement and intelligence from school records of the entire third-grade population in each school system . END
the subjects for this study were UNK selected from UNK areas of the distribution , one-third as UNK , one-third medium , and one-third UNK . END
children whose reading scores were at least one standard deviation below the regression line of each total third-grade school population were considered UNK for the purposes of sample selection . END
UNK were at least one standard deviation above the regression line in their school system . END
the final sample was not significantly different from a normal distribution in regard to reading achievement or intelligence test scores . END
twenty-four classrooms in twelve unstructured schools furnished UNK cases , UNK boys and 69 girls . END
eight classrooms in three structured schools furnished 72 cases , 36 boys and 36 girls . END
administrative restrictions necessitated the smaller sample size in the structured schools . END
it was assumed that the sampling procedure was purely random with respect to the personality variables under investigation . END
an interview schedule of UNK questions and a UNK questionnaire were prepared , and one parent of each of the sample children was seen in the home . END
the parent was asked to describe the child's typical behavior in certain standard situations in which there was an opportunity to observe tendencies toward UNK in demands upon self and others , irrational conformity to rules , UNK , UNK , and need for certainty . END
the UNK were instructed not to suggest answers and , as much as possible , to record the parents' actual words as they described the child's behavior in home situations . END
the rating scale of compulsivity was constructed by first UNK the interview records , UNK all evidence related to compulsivity , then arranging a distribution of such information apart from the case records . END
final ratings were made on the basis of a point system which was developed after studying the distributions of actual UNK recorded and assigning weight values to each type of behavior that was UNK from the discovered norms . END
children scoring high in compulsivity were those who gave evidence of tension or UNK in situations where there was lack of organization or conformity to standards and expectations , or who made exaggerated efforts to achieve these goals . END
the low compulsive child was one who appeared relatively unconcerned about such matters . END
for instance , the following statement was rated low in compulsivity , `` she's naturally quite neat about things , but it doesn't bother her at all if her room gets UNK . END
but she UNK it up very well when i remind her '' . END
UNK , et al revised the taylor anxiety scale for use with children . END
the taylor scale was adapted from the minnesota UNK personality inventory , with item selection based upon clinical definitions of anxiety . END
there is much research evidence to UNK the use of the instrument in UNK individuals who are likely to manifest anxiety in varying degrees . END
UNK and UNK work with the children's anxiety scale by UNK , et al demonstrated results closely similar to the findings with the adult scale . END
although the taylor scale was designed as a group testing device , in this study it was individually administered by psychologically trained workers who established rapport and assisted the children in reading the items . END
relationship of anxiety to compulsivity END
the question may be raised whether or not we are dealing with a common factor in anxiety and compulsivity . END
the two ratings yield a correlation of , which is not significantly different from zero ; ; END
therefore , we have measured two different characteristics . END
in theory , compulsive behavior is a way of diminishing anxiety , and one might expect a negative association except for the possibility that for many children the UNK defenses are not sufficient to UNK the amount of anxiety they suffer . END
the issue of interaction between anxiety and compulsivity will be taken up later . END
in the primary grades , reading UNK almost every aspect of school progress , and the children's early experiences of success or failure in learning to read often set a pattern of total achievement that is relatively enduring throughout the following years . END
in establishing criterion measurements , it was therefore thought best to broaden the scope beyond the reading act itself . END
the predicted interaction effect should , if potent , extend its influence over all academic achievement . END
the UNK achievement test , form j , was administered by classroom teachers , consisting of a battery of six UNK : paragraph meaning , word meaning , spelling , language , arithmetic computation , and arithmetic reasoning . END
all of these UNK involve reading except arithmetic computation . END
scores are stated in UNK on a national norm . END
the battery UNK UNK was used in data analysis in this study . END
the UNK intelligence scale for children was administered to each sample third-grade child by a clinical worker . END
the relationship of intelligence test scores to school achievement is a UNK fact ( in this case , af ) ; ; END
therefore , in the investigation of the present hypothesis , it was necessary to control this factor . END
the criterion score used in the statistical analysis is an index of UNK or UNK . END
it is the discrepancy between the actual attained achievement test score and the score that would be predicted by the i.q. . END
for example , on the basis of the regression equation , a child with an i.q. of 120 in this sample would be expected to earn an achievement test score of UNK ( grade equivalent ) . END
if a child with an i.q. of 120 scored UNK in achievement , his discrepancy score would be , representing of one year of UNK . END
a child with an i.q. of UNK would be expected to earn an achievement test score of 3.5 . END
if such a child scored UNK , his discrepancy score would be UNK , representing of one year of UNK . END
in this manner , the factors measured by the intelligence test were controlled , allowing discovered differences in achievement to be interpreted as resulting from other variables . END
test of interaction of compulsivity and teaching methods END
tables 1 and 2 present the results of the statistical analysis of the data when compulsivity is used as the descriptive variable . END
figure 1 portrays the mean achievement scores of each UNK UNK . END
first of all , as we had UNK , the highly compulsive children in the structured setting score significantly better ( af ) on achievement than do similar children in the unstructured schools . END
it can be seen too that when we contrast levels of compulsivity within the structured schools , the high compulsive children do better ( af ) . END
no significant difference was found in achievement between high and low compulsive children within the unstructured school . END
the hypothesis of there being an interaction between compulsivity and teaching method was supported , in this case , at the level . END
while we had expected that compulsive children in the unstructured school setting would have difficulty when compared to those in the structured , we were surprised to find that the achievement of the high compulsives within the schools where the UNK method is used in beginning reading compares favorably with that of the low compulsives . END
indeed their achievement scores were somewhat better on an absolute basis although the difference was not significant . END
we speculate that compulsives in the unstructured schools are under greater strain because of the lack of UNK in their school setting , but that their need to organize ( for comfort ) is so intense that they struggle to induce the UNK rules and achieve in spite of the lack of direction from the environment . END
it is interesting to note that medium compulsives in the unstructured schools made the lowest achievement scores ( although not significantly lower ) . END
possibly their compulsivity was not strong enough to cause them to build their own structure . END
our UNK is , then , that regardless of the manner in which school lessons are taught , the compulsive child UNK those elements of each lesson that aid him in UNK his work . END
when helped by a high degree of structure in lesson presentation , then , and only then , does such a child attain unusual success . END
test of interaction of anxiety and teaching methods END
the statistical analyses of achievement in relation to anxiety and teaching methods and the UNK of the two are presented in tables 3 and 4 . END
figure 2 is a graph of the mean achievement scores of each group . END
as predicted , the highly anxious children in the unstructured schools score more poorly ( af ) than those in the structured schools . END
the interaction effect , which is significant at the level , can be seen best in the contrast of mean scores . END
while high anxiety children achieve significantly less well ( af ) in the unstructured school than do low anxiety children , they appear to do at least as well as the average in the structured classroom . END
the most striking aspect of the interaction demonstrated is the marked UNK in performance suffered by the highly anxious children in unstructured schools . END
according to the theory proposed , this is a consequence of the severe condition of perceived threat that persists UNK for the anxious child in an ambiguous sort of school environment . END
the fact that such threat is potent in the beginning reading lessons is thought to be a vital factor in the continued pattern of failure or UNK these children exhibit . END
the child with high anxiety may first direct his UNK energy toward achievement , but because his distress severely reduces the abilities of discrimination and UNK of complex symbols , the child may fail in his initial attempts to master the problem . END
failure UNK the threat , and the intensity of anxiety is increased as the required learning becomes more difficult , so that by the time the child reaches the third grade the UNK in performance is pronounced . END
the individual with high anxiety in the structured classroom may approach the learning task with the same increased energy and lowered powers of discrimination . END
but the symbols he is asked to learn are simple . END
as shown earlier , the highly anxious individual may be superior in his UNK of simple elements . END
success reduces the prospect of threat and his powers of discrimination are improved . END
by the time the child first attacks the actual problem of reading , he is completely familiar and at ease with all of the elements of words . END
apparently academic challenge in the structured setting creates an optimum of stress so that the child with high anxiety is able to achieve because he is aroused to an energetic state without becoming confused or UNK . END
UNK et al present evidence that the anxious child will suffer in the UNK situation , and that his performance will be impaired unless he receives supporting and accepting treatment from the teacher . END
although the present study was not a direct UNK of their investigations , the results do not confirm their conclusion . END
observers , in the two school systems studied here , judged the teachers in the structured schools to be more impersonal and demanding , while the atmosphere in the unstructured schools was judged to be more supporting and accepting . END
yet the highly anxious child suffered a tremendous disadvantage only in the unstructured school , and performed as well or better than average in the structured setting . END
analysis means the evaluation of UNK , the comparative ratings of parts , the comprehension of the meaning of isolated elements . END
analysis in roleplaying is usually done for the purpose of understanding strong and weak points of an individual or as a process to eliminate weak parts and strengthen good parts . END
up to this point stress has been placed on roleplaying in terms of individuals . END
roleplaying can be done for quite a different purpose : to evaluate procedures , regardless of individuals . END
for example : a sales presentation can be analyzed and evaluated through roleplaying . END
let us now put some flesh on the theoretical bones we have assembled by giving illustrations of roleplaying used for evaluation and analysis . END
one should keep in mind that many of the exciting UNK of roleplaying are largely unexplored and have not been used in industry to the extent that they have been in military and other areas . END
the president of a small firm selling restaurant products , had considerable difficulty in finding suitable salesmen for his business . END
interviewing , checking references , training the salesmen , having them go with more experienced salesmen was expensive -- and the rate of attrition due to UNK or unsatisfactory performance was too high . END
it was his experience that only one good salesman was found out of every seven hired -- and only one was hired out of every seven interviewed . END
roleplaying was offered as a solution -- and the procedure worked as follows : all candidates were invited to a hotel conference room , where the president explained the difficulty he had , and how unnecessary it seemed to him to hire people who just did not work out . END
in place of asking salesmen to fill questionnaires , checking their references , interviewing them , asking them to be tried out , he told them he would prefer to test them . END
each person was to enter the testing room , carrying a suitcase of samples . END
each salesman was to read a sheet containing a description of the product . END
in the testing room he was to make , UNK , three presentations to three different people . END
in the testing room , three of the veteran salesmen served as antagonists . END
one handled the salesman in a friendly manner , another in a rough manner , and the third in a UNK manner . END
each was told to purchase material if he felt like it . END
the antagonists came in , one at a time , and did not see or hear the other presentations . END
after each presentation , the UNK wrote his judgment of the salesmen ; ; END
and so did the observers consisting of the president , three of his salesmen and a psychologist . END
ten salesmen were tested in the morning and ten more in the afternoon . END
this procedure was repeated one day a month for four months . END
the batting average of one success out of seven increased to one out of three . END
the president of the firm , calculating expenses alone , felt his costs had dropped one-half while success in selection had improved over one hundred per cent . END
the reason for the value of this procedure was simply that the applicants were tested `` at work '' in different situations by the judgment of a number of experts who could see how the salesmen conducted themselves with different , but typical restaurant owners and managers . END
they were , in a sense , `` tried out '' in realistic situations . END
from the point of view of the applicants , less time was wasted in being evaluated -- and they got a meal out of it as well as some insights into their performances . END
another use of roleplaying for evaluation illustrates how this procedure can be used in real life situations without special equipment or special assistants during the daily course of work . END
the position of receptionist was opened in a large office and an announcement was made to the other girls already working that they could apply for this job which had higher prestige and slightly higher salary than typing and UNK positions . END
all applicants were generally familiar with the work of the receptionist . END
at the end of work one day , the personnel man took the applicants one at a time , asked them to sit behind the UNK desk and he then played the role of a number of people who might come to the receptionist with a number of UNK and for a number of purposes . END
each girl was independently `` tested '' by the personnel man , and he served not only as the director , but as the UNK and the observer . END
somewhat to his surprise he found that one girl , whom he would never have considered for the job since she had appeared somewhat UNK and also had been in the office a relatively short time , did the most outstanding job of playing the role of receptionist , showing wit , sparkle , and UNK . END
she was hired and was found to be entirely satisfactory when she played the role eight hours a day . END
in considering roleplaying for analysis we enter a more complex area , since we are now no longer dealing with a simple over-all decision but rather with the examination and evaluation of many elements seen in dynamic functioning . END
some cases in evidence of the use of roleplaying for analysis may help explain the procedure . END
an engineer had been made the works manager of a firm , UNK a retired employee who had been considered UNK successful . END
the engineer had more than seven years of experience in the firm , was well trained , was considered a hard worker , was respected by his fellow engineers for his technical competence and was regarded as a `` UNK '' . END
however , he turned out to be a complete failure in his new position . END
he seemed to UNK everyone . END
UNK rates of personnel went up , production dropped , and morale was visibly reduced . END
despite the fact that he was regarded as an outstanding engineer , he seemed to be a very poor administrator , although no one quite knew what was wrong with him . END
at the insistence of his own supervisor -- the president of the firm -- he enrolled in a course designed to develop leaders . END
he played a number of typical situations before observers , other supervisors who kept notes and then explained to him in detail what he did they thought was wrong . END
entirely concerned with efficiency , he was UNK in UNK people who made mistakes , condemning them to too great an extent . END
he did not really listen to others , had little interest in their ideas , and wanted to have his own way -- which was the only right way . END
the entire group of managers explained , in great detail , a number of human relations errors that he made . END
one by one , these errors were discussed and one by one he rejected accepting them as errors . END
he admitted his behavior , and defended it . END
he refused to change his approach , and instead he attacked high and low -- the officials for their not backing him , and subordinates for their UNK , stupidity , and UNK . END
after the UNK , he left the course , convinced that it could do him no good . END
we may say that his problem was UNK but that he refused treatment . END
the engineer turned works manager had a particular view of life -- and refused to change it . END
we may say that his attitude was foolish , since he may have been a success had he learned some human relations skills ; ; END
or we may say that his attitude was commendable , showing his independence of mind , in his refusal to adjust to the opinions of others . END
in any case , he refused to accept the implications of the analysis , that he needed to be made over . END
another case may be given in illustration of a successful use of analysis , and also of the employment of a procedure for intensive analysis . END
in a course for UNK operators , a district manager who had been recently appointed to his position after being UNK successful as a store manager , found that in UNK other managers he was having a difficult time . END
on playing some typical situations before a jury of his peers he showed some characteristics rated as unsatisfactory . END
he was told he displayed , for example , a sense of superiority -- and he answered : `` well , i am supposed to know all the answers , aren't i '' ? ? END
he was criticized for his UNK and UNK -- and he answered : `` i am not working to become popular '' . END
on being criticized for his arbitrary behavior -- he answered : `` i have to make decisions . END
that's my job '' . END
in short , as frequently happens in analyses , the individual feels threatened and UNK himself . END
however , in this case the district manager was led to see the errors of his ways . END
the necessary step between diagnosis and training is acceptance of the validity of the criticisms . END
how this was accomplished may be described , since this sometimes is a crucial problem . END
the director helped UNK a check list of the district UNK errors by asking various observers to write out sentences commenting on the mistakes they felt he made . END
these errors were then collected and written on a UNK , UNK similar ideas . END
eighteen errors were located , and then the director asked each individual to vote whether or not they felt that this manager had made the particular errors . END
they were asked to vote `` true '' if they thought they had seen him make the error , `` false '' if they thought he had not ; ; END
and `` cannot say '' if they were not certain . END
the manager sat behind the group so he could see and count the hands that went up , and the director wrote the numbers on the UNK . END
no comments were made during the voting . END
the results looked as follows : af . END
the first eight of these eighteen statements , which received at least one-half of the votes , were UNK to form an analysis UNK for the particular manager , and when this particular manager UNK in other situations , the members checked any items that appeared . END
to prevent the manager from deliberately controlling himself only during the sessions , they were rather lengthy ( about twenty minutes ) , the situations were UNK described to the manager so that he would not know what to expect , new antagonists were brought on the scene unexpectedly , and the antagonists were instructed to deliberately behave in such ways as to upset the manager and get him to operate in a manner for which he had been previously criticized . END
after every session , the check marks were totaled up and UNK , and in this way the UNK progress was charted . END
in life we learn to play our roles and we `` freeze '' into patterns which become so habitual that we are not really aware of what we do . END
we can see others more clearly than we can see ourselves , and others can see us better than we see ourselves . END
to learn what we do is the first step for improvement . END
to accept the validity of the judgments of others is the second step . END
to want to change is the third step . END
to practice new procedures under guided supervision and with constant feedback is the fourth step . END
to use these new ways in daily life is the last step . END
roleplaying used for analysis follows these general steps leading to training . END
when an UNK situation is set up , and no concern is with the details that lead to an over-all estimate , we say that roleplaying is used for evaluation . END
observers can see a person engaged in spontaneous behavior , and watch him operating in a UNK fashion . END
this behavior is more `` UNK '' -- or true -- than other testing behavior for some types of evaluation , and so can give quick and accurate estimates of complex functioning . END
while roleplaying for testing is not too well understood at the present time , it represents one of the major uses of this procedure . END
chapter 10 , spontaneity training END
the objective of this chapter is to clarify the distinctions between spontaneity theory and other training concepts . END
in addition , the basic approach utilized in applying roleplaying will be reviewed . END
the goal will be to provide the reader with an integrated rationale to aid him in applying roleplaying techniques in this unique training area . END
the reasons for extracting this particular roleplaying application from the previous discussion of training are twofold . END
spontaneity training theory is unique and relatively new . END
it is not easy for the therapist to discern when , in the patient's communicating , an UNK has appeared and is holding sway . END
one learns to become alert to changes in his vocal tone -- to his UNK suddenly shifting to a quality not like his usual one , a quality which sounds somehow artificial or , in some instances , UNK . END
the content of his words may lapse back into monotonous repetition , as if a UNK needle were stuck in one UNK ; ; END
only seldom is it so simple as to be a matter of his obviously UNK some UNK UNK , common to our culture , which he has evidently heard , over and over , from a parent until he experiences it as part of him . END
one hebephrenic woman often became submerged in what felt to me like a somehow phony experience of UNK , during which , despite her UNK UNK and streaming cheeks , i felt only a cold annoyance with her . END
eventually such incidents became more sporadic , and more sharply UNK from her UNK behavior , and in one particular session , after several minutes of such behavior -- which , as usual , went on without any accompanying words from her -- she asked , eagerly , `` did you see granny '' ? ? END
at first i did not know what she meant ; ; END
i thought she must be seeing me as some one who had just come from seeing her grandmother , in their distant UNK . END
then i realized that she had been deliberately showing me , this time , what granny was like ; ; END
and when i replied in this spirit , she UNK my hunch . END
at another phase in the therapy , when a UNK UNK began to emerge more and more upon the UNK scene , she muttered in a low but intense voice , to herself , `` i hate that woman inside me '' ! ! END
i could evoke no further UNK from her about this ; ; END
but a few seconds later she was standing directly across the room from me , looking me in the eyes and saying in a UNK UNK tone , `` your father UNK you '' ! ! END
again , i at first UNK this UNK intense communication , and i quickly cast through my mind to account for her being able to speak , with such utter conviction , of an opinion held by my father , now several years deceased . END
then i replied , coldly , `` if you despise me , why don't you say so , directly '' ? ? END
she looked confused at this , and i felt sure it had been a wrong response for me to make . END
it then occurred to me to ask , `` is that what that woman told you '' ? ? END
she clearly agreed that this had been the case . END
i realized , now , that she had been showing me , in what impressed me as being a very accurate way , something her mother had once said to her ; ; END
it was as if she was showing me one of the reasons why she hated that woman inside her . END
what had been an UNK powerful UNK was now , despite its continuing charge of energy disconcerting to me , sufficiently within control of her ego that she could use it to show me what this UNK mother was like . END
earlier , this woman had been so filled with a chaotic variety of UNK that at times , when she was in her room alone , it would sound to a UNK as though there were several different persons in the room , as she would UNK in various kinds of voice . END
a somewhat less UNK hebephrenic patient of mine , who used to often UNK herself in her room , often sounded through the closed door -- as i would find on passing by , between our sessions -- for all the world like two persons , a UNK mother and a defensive child . END
particularly hard for the therapist to grasp are those instances in which the patient is UNK an UNK UNK to something in the therapist , some aspect of the therapist of which the latter is himself only poorly aware , and the recognition of which , as a part of himself , he finds distinctly unwelcome . END
i have found , time and again , that some bit of particularly annoying and UNK behavior on the part of a patient rests , in the final analysis , on this basis ; ; END
and only when i can acknowledge this , to myself , as being indeed an aspect of my personality , does it cease to be a prominently troublesome aspect of the patient's behavior . END
for example , one hebephrenic man used to UNK me , month after month , by saying , whenever i got up to leave and made my fairly UNK comment that i would be seeing him on the following day , or whenever , `` you're welcome '' , in a notably UNK fashion -- as though it were his due for me to thank him for the privilege of spending the hour with him , and he were thus pointing up my failure to utter a humbly grateful , `` thank you '' to him at the end of each session . END
eventually it became clear to me , partly with the aid of another schizophrenic patient who could point out my UNK to me somewhat more directly , that this man , with his UNK , `` you're welcome '' , was very accurately UNK an element of obnoxious UNK which had been present in my own UNK , over these months , on each of these occasions when i had bid him good-bye with the UNK note , each time , that the healing christ would be stooping to dispense this UNK to the poor sufferer again on the UNK . END
another patient , a UNK woman , for many months UNK not only me but the UNK and her fellow patients by UNK behaving as though she owned the whole building , as though she were the only person in it whose needs were to be met . END
this behavior on her part subsided only after i had come to see the UNK close similarity between , on the one hand , her arranging the ventilation of the common living room to her own liking , or turning the television off or on without regard to the wishes of the others , and on the other hand , my own coming UNK into her room despite her persistent and UNK objections , bringing my big easy chair with me , usually UNK the windows of her room which she preferred to keep in a very cold state , and UNK myself down in my chair -- in short , behaving as if i owned her room . END
here a variety of meanings and emotions are concentrated , or reduced , in their communicative expression , to some comparatively UNK verbal or UNK statement . END
one finds , for example , that a UNK and stereotyped verbal expression , seeming at first to be a mere hollow convention , reveals itself over the months of therapy as the vehicle for expressing the most varied and intense feelings , and the most UNK of meanings . END
more than anything , it is the UNK intuitive sensing of these latent meanings in the stereotype which helps these meanings to become revealed , something like a UNK deck of cards , on sporadic occasions over the passage of the patient's and his months of work together . END
one cannot assume , of course , that all these accumulated meanings were inherent in the stereotype at the beginning of the therapy , or at any one time later on when the stereotype was uttered ; ; END
probably it is correct to think of it as a matter of a UNK , stereotyped mode of expression -- and no , or but a few , other UNK UNK , as yet -- being there , available for the patient's use , as UNK emotions and ideas well up in him over the course of months . END
but it is true that the therapist can sense , when he hears this stereotype , that there are at this moment many emotional UNK at work in it , a blurred UNK of UNK voices which have yet to become clearly UNK from one another . END
sometimes it is not a verbal stereotype -- a `` how are you now '' ? ? END
or an `` i want to go home '' , or whatever -- but a UNK one which reveals itself , gradually , as the condensed expression of more than one latent meaning . END
a hebephrenic man used to give a UNK wave of his hand a number of times during his UNK hours with his therapist . END
when the therapist came to feel on sufficiently sure ground with him to ask him , `` what is that , bill -- hello or farewell '' ? ? END
, the patient replied , `` both , UNK -- two in one '' . END
of all the possible forms of UNK expression , that which seems best to give release , and UNK expression , to complex and UNK feelings is laughter . END
it is no coincidence that the hebephrenic patient , the most severely UNK of all schizophrenic patients , shows , as one of his characteristic symptoms , laughter -- laughter which now makes one feel UNK or hated , which now makes one feel like weeping , or which now gives one a glimpse of the bleak and empty expanse of man's despair ; ; END
and which , more often than all these , conveys a UNK of feelings which could in no way be conveyed by any number of words , words which are so unlike this UNK in being formed and discrete from one another . END
to a much less full extent , the hebephrenic person's UNK or UNK has a comparable communicative function ; ; END
in working with these patients the therapist eventually gets to do some at least private UNK over of the possible meaning of a UNK , or the passage of UNK , not only because he is reduced to this for lack of anything else to analyze , but also because he learns that even these UNK sounds constitute forms of communication in which , from time to time , quite different things are being said , long before the patient can become sufficiently aware of these , as distinct feelings and concepts , to say them in words . END
as i have been UNK , in the schizophrenic -- and perhaps also in the dreams of the neurotic ; ; END
this is a question which i have no wish to take up -- condensation is a phenomenon in which one finds not a condensed expression of various feelings and ideas which are , at an unconscious level , well sorted out , but rather a condensed expression of feelings and ideas which , even in the unconscious , have yet to become well differentiated from one another . END
freeman , UNK and UNK , in their description of the UNK of thinking found in chronic schizophrenic patients , say , in regard to condensation , that `` the lack of adequate discrimination between the self and the environment , and the objects contained therein in itself is the UNK condensation '' . END
in my experience , a great many of the patient's more puzzling verbal communications are so for the reason that concrete meanings have not become differentiated from figurative meanings in his subjective experience . END
thus he may be referring to some concrete thing , or incident , in his immediate environment by some UNK , UNK reference to UNK events on the global scene . END
recently , for example , a UNK woman's large-scale UNK , in the session , about the UNK curiosity which has become , in her opinion , a UNK characteristic of UNK human culture , developed itself , before the end of the session , into a suspicion that i was UNK UNK at her partially exposed breast , as indeed i was . END
or , equally often , a UNK , UNK statement may consist , with its UNK exterior , in a form of poetry -- may be full of meaning and emotion when interpreted as a figurative expression : a metaphor , a smile , an UNK , or some other symbolic mode of speaking . END
of such hidden meanings the patient himself is , more often than not , entirely unaware . END
his subjective experience may be a remarkably UNK one . END
one hebephrenic women confided to me , `` i live in a world of words '' , as if , to her , words were fully concrete objects ; ; END
UNK , in his excellent article ( 1955 ) concerning schizophrenic communication , includes mention of similar clinical material . END
a UNK schizophrenic young man told me that to him the various theoretical concepts about which he had been UNK , in a most articulate fashion , during session after session with me , were like great cubes of almost UNK solid matter up in the air above him ; ; END
as he spoke i was reminded of the great bales of cargo which are swung , high in the air , from a UNK UNK . END
the many linguistic techniques for reducing the amount of dictionary information that have been proposed all organize the UNK contents around UNK , stems , UNK , etc. . END
a significant reduction in the UNK of store information is thus realized , especially for a highly UNK language such as russian . END
for english the reduction in size is less striking . END
this approach requires that : ( 1 ) each text word be separated into smaller elements to establish a correspondence between the occurrence and dictionary entries , and ( 2 ) the information retrieved from several entries in the dictionary be UNK into a description of the particular word . END
the logical scheme used to accomplish the former influences the placement of information in the dictionary file . END
implementation of the latter requires storage of information needed only for synthesis . END
we suggest the application of certain UNK techniques as a solution to the problem . END
but first , we must define two terms so that their meaning will be clearly understood : form -- any unique sequence of UNK characters that can appear in a language preceded and followed by a space ; ; END
occurrence -- an instance of a form in text . END
we propose a method for selecting only dictionary information required by the text being translated and a means for passing the information directly to the occurrences in text . END
we accomplish this by compiling a list of text forms as text is read by the computer . END
a UNK scheme , based on the spelling of forms , provides an economical way to UNK this text-form list . END
dictionary forms found to match forms in the text list are marked . END
a location in the computer store is also named for each marked form ; ; END
dictionary information about the form stored at this location can be retrieved directly by occurrences of the form in text . END
finally , information is retrieved from the dictionary as required by stages of the translation process -- the grammatical description for UNK determination , UNK information for semantic analysis , and UNK equivalents for output construction . END
the dictionary is a form dictionary , at least in the sense that complete forms are used as the basis for matching text occurrences with dictionary entries . END
also , the dictionary is divided into at least two parts : the list of dictionary forms and the file of information that pertains to these forms . END
a more detailed description of dictionary operations -- text lookup and dictionary modification -- gives a clearer picture . END
text lookup , as we will describe it , consists of three steps . END
the first is compiling a list of text forms , assigning an information cell to each , and replacing text occurrences with the information cell assigned to the form of each occurrence . END
for this step the computer memory is separated into three regions : cells in the w-region are used for storage of the forms in the text-form list ; ; END
cells in the x-region and y region are reserved as information cells for text forms . END
when an occurrence af is isolated during text reading , a random memory address af , the address of a cell in the x-region , is computed from the form of af . END
let af denote the form of af . END
if cell af has not previously been assigned as the information cell of a form in the text-form list , it is now assigned as the information cell of af . END
the form itself is stored in the next available cells of the w-region , beginning in cell af . END
the address af and the number of cells required to store the form are written in af ; ; END
the information cell af is saved to represent the text occurrence . END
text reading continues with the next occurrence . END
let us assume that af is identical to the form of an occurrence af which preceded af in the text . END
when this situation exists , the address af will equal af which was produced from af . END
if af was assigned as the information cell for af , the routine can detect that af is identical to af by comparing af with the form stored at location af . END
the address af is stored in the cell af . END
when , as in this case , the two forms match , the address af is saved to represent the occurrence af . END
text reading continues with the next occurrence . END
a third situation is possible . END
the formula for computing random addresses from the form of each occurrence will not give a distinct address for each distinct form . END
thus , when more than one distinct form leads to a particular cell in the x-region , a chain of information cells must be created to accommodate the forms , one cell in the chain for each form . END
if af leads to an address af that is equal to the address computed from af , even though af does not match af , the chain of information cells is extended from af by storing the address of the next available cell in the UNK , af , in af . END
the cell af becomes the second information cell in the chain and is assigned as the information cell of af . END
a third cell can be added by storing the address of another UNK in af ; ; END
similarly , as many cells are added as are required . END
each information cell in the chain contains the address of the UNK where the form to which it is assigned is stored . END
each cell except the last in the chain also contains the address of the UNK that is the next element of the chain ; ; END
the absence of such a link in the last cell indicates the end of the chain . END
hence , when the address af is computed from af , the cell af and all UNK in its chain must be UNK to determine whether af is already in the form list or whether it should be added to the form list and the chain . END
when the information cell for af has been determined , it is saved as a representation of af . END
text reading continues with the next occurrence . END
text reading is terminated when a UNK number of forms have been stored in the text-form list . END
this UNK the second step of UNK lookup -- connecting the information cell of forms in the text-form list to dictionary forms . END
each form represented by the dictionary is looked up in the text-form list . END
each time a dictionary form matches a text form , the information cell of the matching text form is saved . END
the number of dictionary forms skipped since the last one matched is also saved . END
these two pieces of information for each dictionary form that is matched by a text form constitute the table of dictionary usage . END
if each text form is marked when matched with a dictionary form , the text forms not contained in the dictionary can be identified when all dictionary forms have been read . END
the appropriate action for handling these forms can be taken at that time . END
each dictionary form is looked up in the text-form list by the same method used to look up a new text occurrence in the form list during text reading . END
a random address af that lies within the x-region of memory mentioned earlier is computed from the UNK dictionary form . END
if cell af is an information cell , it and any information cells in the UNK that have been linked to af each contain an address in the w-region where a potentially matching form is stored . END
the dictionary form is compared with each of these text forms . END
when a match is found , an entry is made in the table of dictionary usage . END
if cell af is not an information cell we conclude that the UNK dictionary form is not in the text list . END
these two steps essentially complete the lookup operation . END
the final step merely uses the table of dictionary usage to select the dictionary information that pertains to each form matched in the text-form list , and uses the list of information cells recorded in text order to attach the appropriate information to each occurrence in text . END
the list of text forms in the w-region of memory and the contents of the information cells in the x and UNK are no longer required . END
only the assignment of the information cells is important . END
the first stage of translation after UNK lookup is structural analysis of the input text . END
the grammatical description of each occurrence in the text must be retrieved from the dictionary to permit such an analysis . END
a description of this process will serve to illustrate how any type of information can be retrieved from the dictionary and attached to each text occurrence . END
the grammatical descriptions of all forms in the dictionary are recorded in a separate part of the dictionary file . END
the order is identical to the ordering of the forms they describe . END
when entries are being retrieved from this file , the table of dictionary usage indicates which entries to skip and which entries to store in the computer . END
this UNK process takes place as the file is read . END
each entry that is selected for storage is written into the next available cells of the aj . END
the address of the first cell and the number of cells used is written in the information cell for the form . END
( the address of the information cell is also supplied by the table of dictionary usage . END
) when the complete file has been read , the grammatical descriptions for all text forms found in the dictionary have been stored in the w-region ; ; END
the information cell assigned to each text form contains the address of the grammatical description of the form it represents . END
hence , the description of each text occurrence can be retrieved by reading the list of UNK UNK addresses and UNK the description indicated by the information cell for each occurrence . END
the only requirements on dictionary information made by the UNK operation are that each form represented by the dictionary be available for lookup in the text-form list and that information for each form be available in a sequence identical with the sequence of the forms . END
this leaves the ordering of entries variable . END
( here an entry is a form plus the information that pertains to it . END
two very useful ways for modifying a UNK are the addition to the dictionary of complete UNK rather than single forms and the application of a single change to more than one dictionary form . END
the former is intended to decrease the amount of work necessary to extend dictionary coverage . END
the latter is useful for modifying information about some or all forms of a word , hence reducing the work required to improve dictionary contents . END
applying the techniques developed at harvard for generating a paradigm from a representative form and its classification , we can add all forms of a word to the dictionary at once . END
an extension of the principle would permit entering a grammatical description of each form . END
equivalents could be assigned to the paradigm either at the time it is added to the dictionary or after the word has been studied in context . END
thus , one can think of a dictionary entry as a word rather than a form . END
if all forms of a paradigm are grouped together within the dictionary , a considerable reduction in the amount of information required is possible . END
for example , the UNK forms of a word can be represented , insofar as regular UNK allows , by a stem and a set of UNK to be attached . END
( indeed , the set of UNK can be replaced by the name of a set of UNK . END
) the full forms can be derived from such information just prior to the lookup of the form in the text-form list . END
similarly , if the equivalents for the forms of a word do not vary , the equivalents need be entered only once with an indication that they apply to each form . END
the dictionary system is in no way dependent upon such UNK or designed around it . END
when irregularity and variation prevent UNK , information is written in complete detail . END
entries are summarized only when by doing so the amount of information retained in the dictionary is reduced and the time required for dictionary operations is decreased . END
in sentences , patterns of stress are determined by complex combinations of influences that can only be suggested here . END
the tendency is toward putting dominant stress at the end . END
there is a parallel to this tendency in the assignment of time in UNK hymn tunes . END
thus the first lines of one of charles UNK hymns are as follows . END
`` a charge to keep i have , a god to UNK '' . END
in the tune to which this hymn is most often sung , `` UNK '' , the syllables have and UNK , ending their lines , have twice the time any other syllables have . END
dominant stress is of course more than extended duration , and normally centers on syllables that would have primary stress or phrase stress if the words or longer units they are parts of were spoken alone : a dominant stress given to UNK would normally center on its first UNK rather than its last . END
but the parallel is significant . END
when the answer to what's wrong now ? ? END
is bill's broken a chair , dominant stress will usually be on the complement a chair . END
from the point of view of UNK analysis the head word in the statement is the UNK has broken , and from the point of view of meaning it would seem that the trouble centers in the breaking ; ; END
but dominant stress will be assigned to broken only in rather exceptional versions of the sentence . END
in i know one thing dominant stress will usually be on the complement one thing ; ; END
in one thing i know it will usually be on the UNK know . END
in small-town people are very friendly dominant stress will generally be on the complement very friendly ; ; END
in the double sentence the smaller the town , the UNK the people it will generally be on the subjects the town and the people . END
in what's a linguist ? ? END
dominant stress will generally be on the subject a linguist ; ; END
in who's a linguist ? it will generally be on the complement a linguist . END
dominant stress is on her luggage both in that's her luggage , where her luggage is the complement , and in there's her luggage , where it is the subject . END
UNK second UNK , however , are likely not to have dominant stress when they terminate sentences . END
if the answer to what was that noise ? ? END
is george put the cat out , dominant stress will ordinarily be on the first complement , the cat , not the second complement out . END
final UNK may or may not have dominant stress . END
if the answer to what was that noise ? ? END
is george reads the news emotionally , dominant stress may or may not be on the adjunct emotionally . END
when UNK UNK are divided as in what are you looking for ? ? END
they are likely to lose dominant stress . END
context is of extreme importance . END
what is new in the context is likely to be made more prominent than what is not . END
thus in a context in which there has been discussion of snow but mention of local conditions is new , dominant stress will probably be on here in it rarely snows here , but in a context in which there has been discussion of local weather but no mention of snow , dominant stress will probably be on snows . END
the personal pronouns and substitute one are normally unstressed because they refer to what is prominent in the immediate context . END
in i'll go with george dominant stress is probably on george ; ; END
but if george has just been mentioned prominently ( and the trip to be made has been under discussion ) , what is said is probably i'll go with him , and dominant stress is probably on the UNK with . END
when a gesture UNK who's he ? ? END
the personal pronoun has dominant stress because `` he '' has not been mentioned previously . END
if both george and a piece of information george does not have are prominent in the context , but the idea of telling george is new , then dominant stress will probably be on tell in why not tell george ? ? END
but when what is new in a particular context is also fairly obvious , there is normally only light stress or no stress at all . END
thus the unstressed it of it rarely snows here gets its significance from its use with snows : nothing can snow snow but `` it '' . END
in there aren't many young people in the neighborhood the modifier young takes dominant stress away from its head people : the fact that the young creatures of interest are people seems rather obvious . END
if women replaced people , it would normally have dominant stress . END
in i have things to do the word things makes little real contribution to meaning and has weaker stress than do . END
if work is substituted for things ( with more exact contribution to meaning ) , it will have dominant stress . END
in i know one thing dominant stress is likely to go to one rather than to UNK pale thing . END
in i knew you when you were a child , and you were pretty then dominant stress on then implies that the young woman spoken to is still pretty . END
dominant stress on pretty would be almost insulting here . END
in the written language then can be UNK or UNK to guide the reader here , but much of the time the written language simply depends on the reader's UNK , and a careless reader will have to back up and reread . END
often , dominant stress simply indicates a centering of attention or emotion . END
thus in it's incredible what that boy can eat dominant stress is likely to be on incredible , and eat will have strong stress also . END
in she has it in for george dominant stress will ordinarily be on in , where the notion of UNK antipathy seems to center . END
in we're painting at our garage strong stress on at indicates that the job being done is not real painting but simply an effort at painting . END
where there is comparison or contrast , dominant stresses normally operate to center attention . END
thus in his friends are stranger than his UNK strong stresses are normal for his and UNK , but in his friends are stranger than his sisters strong stresses are normal for friends and sisters . END
in he's UNK himself more than he's UNK you both himself and you have stronger stress than they would ordinarily have if there were no contrast . END
in is she chinese or japanese ? ? END
the desire to contrast the first parts of words which are alike in their last components produces an exceptional disregard of the normal patterns of stress of chinese and japanese . END
sometimes strong stress serves to focus an important secondary relationship . END
thus in mary wrote an account of the trip first strong stress on mary marks mary as the first in a series of people who wrote accounts of the trip , strong stress on wrote marks the writing as the first of a series of actions of mary's concerned with an account of her trip ( about which she may later have made speeches , for example ) , and strong stress on trip makes the trip the first of a series of subjects about which mary wrote accounts . END
in hunger UNK man too the situation is very similar . END
strong stress on hunger treats hunger as an additional stimulus , strong stress on UNK treats stimulation as an additional effect of hunger , strong stress on man treats man as an additional creature who responds to the stimulation of hunger . END
here again , in the written language it is possible to help the reader get his stresses right by using UNK or UNK , but much of the time there is simply reliance on his understanding in the light of context . END
when a word represents a larger construction of which it is the only expressed part , it normally has more stress than it would have in fully expressed construction . END
thus when yes , i have is the response to have you finished reading the paper ? ? END
the stress on have , which here represents have finished reading the paper , is quite strong . END
in UNK the leader at camp , but jack is here the is of the second main declarative represents is the leader and therefore has stress . END
UNK the leader at camp , but jack's here , with this is deprived of stress , makes here the complement in the clause . END
in of all the suggestions that were made , his was the UNK the possessive his represents his suggestion and is stressed . END
when go represents itself and a complement ( being equivalent , say , to go to UNK ) in which boat did jack go on ? ? END
it has strong stress ; ; END
when it represents only itself and on which is its complement ( so that go on is UNK equivalent to board ) , on has stronger stress than go does . END
UNK of a UNK pronoun , however , does not result in an increase in stress on a UNK UNK for which the UNK pronoun would be object . END
thus to has light stress both in that was the conclusion that i came to and in that was the conclusion i came to . END
but when to represents to consciousness in that was the moment that i came to , and similarly in that was the moment i came to , there is much stronger stress on to . END
in i wanted to tell him , but i was afraid to the final to is lightly stressed because it represents to tell him . END
in to tell him , of course , to is normally unstressed . END
when i have instructions to leave is equivalent in meaning to i have instructions that i am to leave this place , dominant stress is ordinarily on leave . END
when the same sequence is equivalent in meaning to i have instructions which i am to leave , dominant stress is ordinarily on instructions . END
it is clear that patterns of stress sometimes show construction UNK in the spoken language where without the help of context it would be ambiguous in the written . END
`` i'll come by tuesday . END
i can't be happy long without drinking water '' . END
in the first of these sentences if by is the complement of come and tuesday is an adjunct of time equivalent to on tuesday , there will be strong stress on by in the spoken language ; ; END
but if a complement for come is implied and by tuesday is a UNK unit used as an adjunct , by will be unstressed or lightly stressed at most . END
in the second sentence if drinking water is a UNK clause and without drinking water is roughly equivalent in meaning to unless i drink water , there will be stronger stress on water than on drinking ; ; END
but if drinking is a UNK UNK modifying water and without drinking water is equivalent to without water for drinking , there will be stronger stress on drinking than on water . END
but the use of stress in comparison and contrast , for example , can undermine distinctions such as these . END
and patterns of stress are not always UNK by any means . END
in the UNK have busy lives without visiting relatives only context can indicate whether visiting relatives is equivalent in meaning to paying visits to relatives or to relatives who are visiting them , and in i looked up the number and i looked up the chimney only the meanings of number and chimney make it clear that up is UNK a second complement in the first sentence and a UNK followed by its object in the second . END
-- syllables are linguistic units centering in peaks which are usually UNK but , as has been noted , are consonantal under certain circumstances , and which may or may not be combined with preceding and/or following consonants or combinations of consonants . END
syllables are genuine units , but division of words and sentences into them presents great difficulties . END
sometimes even the number of syllables is not clear . END
doubt on this point is strongest before UNK and UNK or UNK . END
from the point of view of word formation real might be expected to have two syllables . END
historically UNK is the UNK that is employed also in republic , and al is the common UNK . END
when UNK is added , real clearly has two syllables . END
but there is every reason to regard deal as a UNK , and because of the fact that UNK commonly has the quality of UNK when it follows vowel sounds , deal seems to be a perfectly satisfactory UNK with deal . END
it is obvious enough that linguists in general have been less successful in coping with tone systems than with consonants or UNK . END
no single explanation is adequate to account for this . END
improvement , however , is urgent , and at least three things will be needed . END
the first is a UNK sample of successful tonal analyses . END
even beginning students in linguistics are made familiar with an appreciable variety of UNK systems , both in their general outlines and in many specific details . END
an advanced student has read a considerable number of descriptions of consonantal systems , including some of the more unusual types . END
by contrast , even experienced linguists commonly know no more of the range of possibilities in tone systems than the UNK distinction between register and contour languages . END
this limited familiarity with the possible phenomena has severely UNK work with tone . END
tone analysis will continue to be difficult and unsatisfactory until a more representative selection of systems is UNK to every practicing field linguist . END
papers like these four , if widely read , will contribute importantly to improvement of our analytic work . END
the second need is better field techniques . END
the great majority of present-day linguists fall into one or more of a number of UNK types : those who are convinced that tone cannot be UNK , those who are personally scared of tone and tone languages generally , those who are convinced that tone is merely an unnecessary marginal feature in those languages where it occurs , those who have no idea how to proceed with tone analysis , those who take a UNK view of the whole matter . END
the result has been neglect , fumbling efforts , or superficial treatment . END
as these UNK overlap , so must the cure . END
analyses such as these four will simultaneously combat the assumptions that tone is impossible and that it is simple . END
they will give suggestions that can be worked up into field procedures . END
good field techniques will not only UNK linguists for better work , but also help them overcome negative attitudes . END
actually , none of these papers says much directly about field techniques . END
but it is worth UNK that very little has been published on any phase of field techniques in linguistics . END
these things have been disseminated by other means , but always in the wake of extensive publication of analytic results . END
the third need is for better theory . END
we should expect that general phonologic theory should be as adequate for tone as for consonants and UNK , but it has not been . END
this can only be for one of two reasons : either the two are quite different and will require totally different theory ( and hence techniques ) , or our existing theories are UNK general . END
if , as i suspect , the problem is largely of the second sort , then development of a theory better able to handle tone will result automatically in better theory for all phonologic subsystems . END
one issue that must be faced is the relative difficulty of analysis of different phonologic subsystems . END
since tone systems typically comprise fewer units than either UNK or vowel systems , we might expect that they would be the easiest part of a phonologic analysis . END
actual practice does not often work out this way . END
tone systems are certainly more complex than the number of units would suggest , and often UNK more difficult than much larger consonantal systems . END
UNK has suggested one explanation . END
tone languages use for linguistic contrasts speech parameters which also function heavily in UNK use . END
this may both UNK the attention of the UNK and cause confusion for the more UNK . END
the problem is to UNK the linguistic features of pitch from the UNK UNK features . END
of course , something of the same sort occurs with other sectors of the phonology : consonantal UNK have both a linguistic and an individual component . END
but in general the individual variation is a small thing added onto basic linguistic features of greater magnitude . END
with tone , individual differences may be greater than the linguistic contrasts which are superimposed on them . END
pitch differences from one speaker to another , or from one emotional state to another , may far exceed the small differences between tones . END
however , any such suggestion accounts for only some of the difficulties in hearing tone , or in developing a realistic attitude about tone , but not for the analytic difficulties that occur even when tone is meticulously recorded . END
a second explanation is suggested by the material described in UNK paper . END
tone and intonation often become seriously UNK . END
neither can be adequately UNK until we are able to separate the two and assign the observed phenomena individually to one or the other . END
other pairs of phonologic subsystems also UNK or overlap in this way ; ; END
for example , duration sometimes figures in both the vowel system and the intonation . END
some UNK features , for example UNK catch or UNK , are sometimes to be assigned to UNK UNK and sometimes to UNK systems . END
but no other two phonologic systems are as difficult to UNK as are tone and intonation in some languages . END
this explanation of tone difficulties , however , does not apply in all languages . END
in some ( the UNK type mentioned above ) interaction of tone and intonation is restricted to the ends of intonation spans . END
in many of the syllables , intonation can be safely ignored , and much of the tonal analysis can be done without any study of intonation . END
still , even in such languages tone analysis has not been as simple as one might expect . END
a third explanation is suggested by UNK analysis of UNK tone . END
there we see a basically simple phonemic system UNK in a very complex and puzzling morphophonemic system . END
while the UNK can be very easily stated , no one is likely to be satisfied with the statement until phonemic occurrences can be related in some way to UNK units , i.e. until the morphophonemics is worked out , or at least far enough that it seems reasonable to expect success . END
in the `` typical tone language '' , tonal morphophonemics is of the same order of complexity as consonantal morphophonemics . END
the phonemic systems which must support these morphophonemic systems , however , are very different . END
the inventory of tones is much smaller , and commonly the contrasts range along one single dimension , pitch level . END
consonantal systems are not merely larger , they are UNK . END
morphophonemic rules may be thought of as joining certain points in the system . END
the possibilities in the consonantal system are very numerous , and only a small portion of them are actually used . END
UNK connected by a morphophonemic rule commonly show a good bit of UNK similarity , possible because of the several dimensions of contrast in the system . END
tonal morphophonemics , in a common case , can do nothing but either raise or lower the tone . END
the possibilities are few , and the total number of rules may be considerably greater . END
often , therefore , there are a number of rules having the same effect , and commonly other sets of rules as well , having the opposite effect . END
tonal morphophonemics is much more UNK to the beginning analyst than consonantal morphophonemics , even when the total number of rules is no greater . END
the difficulty of analysis of any UNK in the phonology is an inverse function of the size -- smaller systems are more troublesome -- for any given degree of morphophonemic complexity . END
this hypothesis will account for a large part of the difficulties of tonal analysis , as well as the fact that vowel systems are often more puzzling than consonantal systems . END
the statement of the system is a different matter . END
smaller systems can of course be stated much more UNK . END
a phonemic system can be stated without reference to morphophonemics , but it cannot always be found without morphophonemics . END
and the more complex the morphophonemic system is in relation to the phonemic base , the less easily a phonemic system will be UNK without close attention to the morphophonemics -- at least , the less satisfying will a phonemic statement be if it cannot be related through morphophonemic rules to UNK meaningful structures . END
the design of UNK has received much less attention from linguists than the problem deserves . END
there has been a tendency on the part of many american linguists to assume that a phonemic UNK will automatically be the best possible orthography and that the only real problem will then be the social one of securing acceptance . END
most others have been content to give only the most general attention to the UNK and most obvious features of the phonology when designing UNK . END
apparently the feeling is that anything more would be involvement in technical UNK of possible UNK interest but of no visible significance in practical affairs . END
the result of this attitude has been the domination of many orthography conferences by such considerations as UNK ' UNK ' , which usually turns out to be nothing more than certain prejudices carried over from european languages . END
many of the suggested systems seem to have only the most tenuous relationship to the language structures that they UNK to represent . END
linguists have not always been more enlightened than `` practical people '' and sometimes have insisted on incredibly trivial points while neglecting things of much greater significance . END
as a result , many people have been confirmed in their conviction that orthography design is not an activity to which experts can contribute anything but confusion . END
a. e. sharp , in UNK and UNK in UNK , UNK one set of related UNK questions and its phonologic background in detail . END
his objective is merely to determine `` what distinctions of length and UNK it may be desirable to make explicit in a UNK orthography '' ( UNK ) . END
to do so , he finds it necessary to examine the relevant parts of the phonology thoroughly and in detail . END
in the process , he develops some very significant observations about problems of a sort that are often difficult . END
a few of his examples are of very great interest , and the whole discussion of some importance for theory . END
his UNK recommendations are no UNK acceptance of UNK on the one hand or of UNK on the other . END
rather he weighs each phonologic fact in the light of its UNK usefulness . END
he concludes that some changes can be made in the current orthography which will appreciably improve its usefulness , but UNK to suggest precise graphic devices to effect these changes . END
i hope his suggestions are given the consideration they deserve in UNK circles . END
this , however , will not exhaust their practical usefulness , as they rather clearly indicate what thorough phonologic investigation can contribute to orthography design . END
we need many more studies of this sort if the design of written languages is to be put on a sound basis . END
one other paper deals with a phonologic problem : vowel harmony in UNK , by j. UNK . END
this UNK the already widely known facts in terms of UNK . END
as a restatement it makes only a small contribution to knowledge of UNK . END
but it would seem more intended as a tract advocating the UNK theory than a paper directed to the specific problems of UNK phonology . END
the paper has a certain value as a comparatively easy introduction to this approach , particularly since it treats a fairly simple and straightforward phenomenon where it is possible to compare it with a more traditional ( though not structural ) statement . END
it does show one feature of the system that has not been previously described . END
but it does not , as it claims , demonstrate that this could not be treated by traditional methods . END
it seems to me that it rather easily can . END
five of the papers deal with grammatical problems . END
on the whole they maintain much the same high standard , but they are much more difficult to discuss in detail because of their wider variety of subject matter . END
my comments must be UNK than the papers deserve . END
w. h. UNK writes on the verbal radical in UNK . END
this must be considered primarily an amendment and supplement to his early a short description of UNK in UNK . END
it exhibits much the same descriptive technique and is open to much the same criticisms . END
the treatment seems UNK UNK and complex , largely because the method is UNK and the analysis seems never to be pushed to a satisfactory or even a consistent UNK . END
there are more stems per item in athabascan , which expresses the fact that the athabascan languages have undergone somewhat more change in UNK from UNK than the yokuts languages from UNK . END
this may be because the athabascan UNK began earlier ; ; END
or again because the athabascan languages spread over a very much larger territory ( including three wholly separated areas ) ; ; END
the differentiation , however , is not very much greater , as shown by the fact that athabascan shows UNK stems per meaning slot as against UNK for yokuts , with a slightly greater number of languages represented in our sample : 24 as against 21 . END
( on deduction of UNK from UNK , the stem / item rate becomes UNK against UNK in equivalent number of languages . END
) these general facts are mentioned to make clear that the total situation in the two families is similar enough to warrant comparison . END
the greatest difference in the two sets of figures is due to differences in the two sets of lists used . END
these differences in turn result from the fact that my yokuts UNK were built up of terms selected mainly to insure UNK of english meaning between illiterate UNK and myself , within a compact and uniform territorial area , but that UNK vocabulary is based on UNK second UNK list which aims at eliminating all items which might be culturally or geographically determined . END
swadesh in short was trying to develop a basic list that was universal ; ; END
i , one that was specifically adapted to the san UNK valley . END
the result is that i included 70 animal names , but swadesh only 4 ; ; END
and somewhat similarly for plants , 16 as against 4 . END
swadesh , and therefore UNK , felt compelled to UNK all terms denoting species or even UNK ( ox , vulture , UNK , yellow pine , UNK ) ; ; END
their classes of animal and plant terms are restricted to generalizations or recurrent parts ( fish , bird , tree , grass , horn , tail , bark , root ) . END
the groups are therefore really UNK in content as well as in size . END
other classes are included only by myself ( UNK , UNK ) or only by swadesh and UNK ( pronouns , UNK ) . END
what we have left as reasonably comparable are four classes : ( 1 ) body parts and products , which with a UNK nearly even representation ( 51 terms out of UNK , 25 out of 100 ) come out with nearly even ratios ; ; END
2.6 and UNK ; ; END
( 2 ) nature ( 29 terms against 17 ) , ratios UNK versus UNK ; ; END
( 3 ) adjectives ( 16 , 15 terms ) , ratios UNK versus UNK ; ; END
( 4 ) verbs ( 9 , 22 terms ) , ratios UNK versus UNK . END
it will be seen that where the scope is similar , the athabascan ratios come out somewhat higher ( as indeed they ought to with a total ratio of UNK as against 3.5 or 4 : 5 ) except for verbs , where alone the athabascan ratio is lower . END
this exception may be connected with UNK use of a much higher percentage of verbs : UNK of his total list as against UNK in mine . END
or the exception may be due to a particular UNK peculiar to the athabascan verb . END
more word class ratios determined in more languages will no doubt ultimately answer the question . END
if word classes differ in their resistance or liability to stem replacement within meaning slot , it is conceivable that individual meanings also differ with fair UNK UNK . END
UNK athabascan and my yokuts share 71 identical meanings ( with allowance for several UNK like UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK , UNK ) . END
for yokuts , i tabulated these 71 items in five columns , according as they were expressed by 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 , and more than 4 stems . END
the totals for these five categories are not too uneven , namely 20 , 15 , 11 , 16 , 9 respectively . END
for athabascan , with a greater range of stems , the first two of five corresponding columns were identical , 1 and 2 stems ; ; END
the three others had to be spread somewhat , and are headed respectively af ; ; END
while the particular limits of these groupings may seem artificially arbitrary , they do fairly express a corresponding grouping of more variable material , and they UNK also in five classes , along a similar scale , containing approximately equal numbers of cases , namely 19 , 14 , 15 , 11 , 12 in athabascan . END
when now we count the frequency of the 71 items in the two language families appearing in the same column or grade , or one column or grade apart , or two or three or four , we find these differences : af END
this distribution can be summarized by averaging the distance in grades apart : af ; ; END
which , divided by af gives a mean of UNK grades apart . END
if the distribution of the 71 items were wholly UNK in the two families , the distance would of course be 0 . END
if it were wholly random and unrelated , it would be UNK , assuming the five classes were equal in n , which approximately they are . END
the actual mean of UNK being about halfway between 0 of complete correlation and UNK of no correlation , it is evident that there is a pretty fair degree of similarity in the behavior even of particular individual items of meaning as regards long-term stem displacement . END
in 1960 , david d. thomas published basic vocabulary in some UNK languages ( al 2 , no. 3 , pp. 7 - 11 ) , which compares 8 UNK languages with the UNK language data on which swadesh based the revised retention rate ( af ) in place of original ( af ) , and his revised 100 word basic UNK list in towards greater accuracy ( UNK 21 : : END
UNK - UNK ) . END
thomas' findings are , first , `` that the individual items vary greatly and UNK in their persistence '' ; ; END
but , second , `` that the semantic groups are surprisingly UNK in their average persistence '' ( as between UNK and UNK ) . END
his first conclusion , on behavior of individual items , is negative , whereas mine ( on UNK and UNK ) was partially positive . END
his second conclusion , on semantic word classes , agrees with mine . END
this second conclusion , independently arrived at by independent study of material from two pairs of language families as different and remote from one another as these four are , cannot be ignored . END
thomas also presents a simple equation for deriving an index of persistence , which weights not only the number of stems ( ' roots ' ) per meaning , but their relative frequency . END
thus his persistence values for some stem frequencies per meaning are : stem identical in 8 languages , 100% ; ; END
stem frequencies 7 and 1 , UNK ; ; END
stem frequencies 4 and 4 , UNK ; ; END
stem frequencies 4 , 3 , and 1 , UNK . END
his formula will have to be weighed , may be altered or improved , and it should be tested on additional bodies of material . END
but consideration of the frequency of stems per constant meaning seems to be established as having significance in comparative situations with UNK and UNK relevance ; ; END
and UNK presumably is on the way with a further contribution in this area . END
as to relative frequencies of competing roots ( 7 - 1 vs. 4 - 4 , etc. ) , thomas with his ' UNK ' seems to be the first to have considered the significance this might have . END
the problem needs further exploration . END
i was at least conscious of the distinction in my full yokuts presentation that UNK publication , in which , in listing ' UNK meanings ' , i set off by UNK those forms in which n of stem b was af of stem UNK , the UNK ones standing for af ; ; END
or under ' four stems ' , i set off by UNK cases where the combined n of stems af was af . END
these findings , and others which will in time be developed , will affect the method of UNK inquiry . END
if UNK meanings show relatively low UNK of stems , as i am confident will prove to be the case in most languages of the world , why should our basic lists include 15 per cent of these unstable forms , but only 8 per cent of animals and plants which replace much more slowly ? ? END
had UNK substituted for his 15 UNK slots 15 good animal and plant items , his rate of stem replacement would have been lower and the age of athabascan language separation smaller . END
and UNK of the outcome in centuries elapsed since UNK , calculations obviously carry more UNK and comparable meaning if they deal with the most stable units than with variously unstable ones . END
it is evident that swadesh has not only had much experience with basic vocabulary in many languages but has acquired great tact and feeling for the UNK behavior of UNK items . END
why then this urge to include unstable items in his basic list ? ? END
it is the urge to obtain a list as free of geographical and cultural conditioning as possible . END
and why that insistence ? ? END
it is the hope of attaining a list of items of universal occurrence . END
but it is becoming increasingly evident that such a hope is a UNK . END
not that such a list cannot be constructed ; ; END
but the nearer it comes to attaining UNK , the less significant will it be UNK . END
its terms will tend to be UNK or vague , and they will fit actual languages more and more badly . END
the practical operational problem of lexicostatistics is the establishment of a basic list of items of meaning against which the particular forms or terms of languages can be matched as the medium of comparison . END
the most important quality of the meanings is that they should be as UNK as possible . END
in proportion as meanings are concrete , we can better rely on their being insulated and distinctive . END
an elephant or a fox or a UNK or a UNK or a banana possess in unusually high degree this quality of obvious , UNK , UNK identity , as do an eye or tooth or nail . END
they isolate out easily , naturally , and UNK from the continuum of nature and existence ; ; END
and they should be given priority in the basic list as long as they continue to show these qualities . END
with the universal list as his weapon , swadesh has extended his march of conquest farther and farther into the past , eight , ten , twelve UNK back . END
and he has proclaimed greater or less affiliation between all western hemisphere languages . END
some of this may prove to be true , or even considerable of it , whether by genetic UNK or by diffusion and UNK . END
but the farther out he moves , the thinner will be his hold on conclusive evidence , and the larger the speculative component in his inferences . END
he has traversed provinces and UNK , but he has not consolidated them behind him , nor does he control them . END
he has announced results on UNK , UNK , UNK , and almost all other american families and UNK , and has UNK their degree of interrelation ; ; END
but he has not worked out by lexicostatistics one UNK complete classification of even a single family other than UNK . END
that is his privilege . END
the remote , UNK , possible has values of its own -- values of scope , stimulus , potential , and imagination . END
but there is also a firm aspect to lexicostatistics : the aspect of learning the internal organization of obvious natural genetic groups of languages as well as their more remote and UNK external links ; ; END
of classification first , with elapsed age merely a UNK ; ; END
of acquiring UNK knowledge of what happened in athabascan , in yokuts , in UNK in the last few thousand years as well as forecasting what more UNK may have happened between them . END
this involves UNK progress , and such will have to be the UNK work of lexicostatistics as a growing body of scientific inquiry . END
if of the founders of UNK swadesh has escaped our steady plodding , and UNK has UNK his own share in the founding , that is no reason why we should UNK . END
there is no apparent reason why we should feel bound by UNK rules and procedure since his UNK and aims have grown so vast . END
it seems time to consider a revision of operational procedures for UNK studies on a more humble , solid , and limited basis . END
i would propose , first , an abandonment of attempts at a universal UNK list , as intrinsically UNK , and UNK inadequate in proportion as it is achieved . END
i would propose , next , as the prime requirement for constitution of new basic lists , items whose forms show as high an empirical retention rate as possible . END
there would be no conceivable sense in going to the opposite extreme of selecting items whose forms are the most unstable . END
an attempted middle course might lead to devices like a UNK UNK dictionary from which every UNK word was selected . END
doubtless it was inevitable that differences of opinion should arise about the methods for applying these policies . END
it was nevertheless almost incredible that four years after yalta there should be a complete split over germany , with hot heads on both sides planning to use the germans against their former allies , and with UNK germans expecting to recover their power by fighting on one side or the other . END
when the yalta conference opened , the american policy of UNK all discussion of russia's western boundaries until the peace conference had broken down . END
starting in great force late in december , from a line stretching from east UNK to budapest , the red armies had swept two hundred miles across poland to the UNK , thirty miles from berlin , and the upper UNK region was being rapidly overrun , while the western allies had not yet occupied all of the left bank of the rhine . END
the long delay in opening the second front was now working to russia's advantage . END
the west was now glad to propose the 1919 curzon line , which was substantially russia's 1941 border , as the boundary between russia and poland . END
when this proposal was made , stalin spoke with stronger emotion than at any other time during the conference . END
he stood up to emphasize his strong feeling on the subject . END
the bitter memory of russia's exclusion from the paris peace conference and of the UNK effort to stamp out UNK at its birth boiled up within him . END
`` you would drive us into shame '' , he declared . END
the white russians and the UNK would say that stalin and molotov were far less reliable defenders of russia than curzon and UNK . END
yet after long and earnest discussion stalin accepted the curzon line and even agreed voluntarily that there should be UNK from that line of five to eight UNK in favor of poland in some regions . END
he did not mind the line itself , which churchill declared in the house of commons , on february 27 , 1945 , he had always believed to be `` just and right '' , but he did not want it called by a hated name . END
the west had long since forgotten the events of 1919 , but it was not so easy for the red leaders , who felt that they had suffered great injustice in that period . END
in the UNK UNK of february 4 , 1942 , the state department had expected to be able to hold russia in check by withholding agreement to her 1941 boundaries . END
now stalin made it clear that he meant to move UNK western borders deep into germany , back to the western UNK river lines , taking not only east UNK and all of UNK but UNK and the tip of UNK , back to and including stettin . END
from six to nine million additional germans would be UNK , though most would have fled , and poland would receive far more from germany than the poor territories , including the great UNK marshes , which she lost to russia . END
stalin declared that he preferred to continue the war a little longer , `` although it costs us blood '' , in order to give poland compensation in the west at the expense of the germans . END
by this time churchill was not so cordial toward moving poland westward as he had been at UNK , where he and eden had both heartily approved the idea . END
after `` a prolonged study of the UNK line on a map '' , at UNK , churchill `` liked the picture '' . END
he would tell the poles , he said , that they had been `` given a fine place to live in , more than three hundred miles each way '' . END
at yalta he thought more about the six million germans who would have to leave , trying to find work in germany , and roosevelt objected to the western UNK river being chosen in the south , instead of the eastern UNK , both of which flow into the UNK . END
the issue was left in UNK , presumably for the peace conference . END
however , there was no real question of the justice of creating a strong poland , both UNK and UNK , and one UNK by large minorities of germans or russians . END
the moving of millions of the german UNK , from the very heart of UNK , to make room for the polish UNK whom they had UNK and openly planned to UNK was a drastic operation , but there was little doubt that it was historically justified . END
of more importance to the west than UNK boundaries was the character of her government . END
at yalta the west still believed that eastern europe could be kept in its orbit , in spite of the UNK soviet armies . END
though little democracy had ever been UNK in this region , and much of it was still ruled by UNK means , it was taken for granted that at least the forms of western democracy would be established in this area and western capitalism preserved within it . END
believing UNK as they did in anglo-saxon institutions , it was important to both roosevelt and churchill that the poles should have them . END
the issue was acute because the UNK polish government in london , supported in the main by britain , was still competing with the new lublin government formed behind the red army . END
more time was spent in trying to marry these UNK than over any subject discussed at yalta . END
the result was an agreement that the lublin government should be `` reorganized on a broader democratic basis with the UNK of democratic leaders from poland itself and from the poles abroad '' , and pledged to hold `` free and unfettered elections as soon as possible on the basis of universal suffrage and secret ballot '' . END
all `` democratic and UNK parties '' were to have the right to campaign . END
roosevelt acted as moderator of the long debate on this issue . END
it was a matter of principle with churchill , since britain had declared war in behalf of poland . END
to stalin it was a matter of life and death . END
he made this completely clear . END
speaking with `` great UNK '' , he said : `` for the russian people , the question of poland is not only a question of honor but also a question of security . END
throughout history , poland has been the corridor through which the enemy has passed into russia . END
twice in the last thirty years our enemies , the germans , have passed through this corridor . END
it is in russia's interest that poland should be strong and powerful , in a position to shut the door of this corridor by her own force . END
it is necessary that poland should be free , independent in power . END
therefore , it is not only a question of honor but of life and death for the soviet state '' . END
in other words , the soviet union was determined to create a poland so strong as to be a powerful bulwark against germany and so closely tied to russia that there would never be any question of her serving as a UNK UNK against the soviets or UNK as an independent , balancing power in between russia and germany . END
UNK says that invariably thereafter the soviets used the same security argument to justify their course in poland . END
this reasoning was also as inevitable as anything could be . END
any free elections that were to be held in poland would have to produce a government in which moscow had complete confidence , and all pressure from the west for free voting by UNK elements in poland would be met by restrictions on voting by these elements . END
in even greater degree the same rule applied to the remainder of eastern europe , where the upper classes had generally collaborated with the nazis , even to the extent of sending millions of their peasants into russia as a part of hitler's armies . END
but at yalta the conflicting expectations of east and west were merged into an agreement by the big three to assist all liberated countries in europe `` to create democratic institutions of their own choice '' . END
in any case `` here in their judgment conditions require '' ( UNK added ) they would `` form interim governmental authorities broadly representative of all democratic elements in the population and pledged to the earliest possible establishment through free elections of governments responsive to the will of the people '' . END
other similar UNK in the declaration on liberated europe seemed to assure democratic institutions on the western model . END
later it developed that the soviets had a very different interpretation of democracy , which will be discussed later , and their judgment never told them that the big three should unite in establishing democratic conditions , as we understand them , within their zone of influence . END
professor UNK thinks that at yalta , stalin did not fully realize the dilemma which faced him , that he thought the exclusion of the UNK voters from east european elections would not be greatly resented by his allies , while neither roosevelt nor churchill frankly faced `` the fact that , in poland at least , genuinely free democratic elections would return governments unfriendly to russia '' , by any definition of international friendliness . END
also UNK propaganda and cooperation had `` obscured the differences between russian and western ideas of democracy '' , and it seemed better to have them covered by verbal formulae than to UNK the military victories over germany and japan . END
the application of these formulae could not please both sides , for they really attempted to marry the impossible to the inevitable . END
while obliged to concede governments in east europe allied with the soviet union instead of opposed to it , we thought we had preserved our social and economic system in east europe . END
this illusion was described in a UNK editorial in the new york herald tribune , on march 5 , 1947 , in connection with the submission of the satellite peace treaties to the senate . END
in doing so marshall and UNK were `` asking for the ratification of a grim lesson in the facts of international life '' . END
we had entertained exaggerated ideas about our victory automatically establishing our system throughout the world . END
`` we were troubled about the fate of the UNK states . END
yalta left us with comforting illusions of a western UNK political economy UNK supreme up to the curzon line and the borders of UNK '' ( UNK added ) END
this is a penetrating description of our post-war illusion , which applied to other areas than east europe . END
the same editorial continued that `` we expected to UNK japan and korea and to see a new china pattern itself easily on our institutions . END
we expected , in short , that most of the world would make itself over in our image and that it would be relatively simple , from such a position , to deal with the UNK aberrations of the soviet union '' . END
yet actually `` the image corresponded in no way to the UNK of the post-war world . END
neither our military , our economic nor our ideological power reached far enough '' to determine the fate of east europe . END
then the editorial added UNK : `` how far they may reach in asia is yet UNK , but they fall far short of our dreams of the war conferences '' . END
here is the best short explanation of the origins of the cold war that has been written . END
failing to heed the lesson so clearly contained in the satellite treaties , president truman UNK the cold war on march 12 , 1947 , in the truman doctrine , exactly one week after the herald tribune editorial was written , and a year after the cold war had been announced by churchill at fulton , missouri , in UNK presence . END
then china promptly went communist , and mr. truman had to fight the interminable korean war for the UNK of korea before we learned how far our writ did `` reach in asia '' . END
years of war , strain , and hatred ; ; END
of heavy arms expenditures and constant danger of another world war had to UNK before the united states could bring itself to accept the two chief results of world war 2 , -- communist control of east europe and china -- a new balance of power . END
while the cold war raged it was easy to blame it all on yalta . END
yet , in UNK a series of careful essays on the yalta conference , UNK UNK could find no basis for yalta becoming `` a symbol for betrayal and a UNK for the opponents of roosevelt and international cooperation '' . END
when the yalta papers were finally published with great UNK they had revealed no betrayal by anyone . END
an analysis of the election falls naturally in four parts . END
first is the long and still somewhat obscure process of preparation , planning and discussion . END
preparation began slightly more than a year after independence with the first steps to organize rural communes . END
all political interests supported electoral planning , although there are some signs that the inherent uncertainties of a popular judgment led to some UNK . END
the second major aspect of the election is the actual procedure of registration , nomination and voting . END
considerable technical skill was used and the administration of the elections was generally above UNK . END
however , the UNK differentiated results , which appear below in tables , are interesting evidence of the problems of developing UNK under even the most favorable circumstances . END
a third aspect , and probably the one open to most controversy , is the results of the election . END
the electoral procedure prevented the ready identification of party affiliation , but all vitally interested parties , including the government itself , were busily engaged in determining the party UNK of all successful candidates the month following the elections . END
the fourth and concluding point will be to estimate the long-run significance of the elections and how they figure in the current pattern of internal politics . END
elections have figured prominently in nearly every government program and official address since independence . END
they were stressed in the speeches of UNK UNK UNK when the first council of ministers was formed and again when the istiqlal took a leading role in the second council . END
king UNK 5 , was known to be most sympathetic to the formation of local UNK and made the first firm promise of elections on may day , 1957 . END
there followed a long and sometimes bitter discussion of the UNK of elections for the fall of 1957 , in which it appears that the minister of the interior took the most pessimistic view and that the istiqlal was something less than enthusiastic . END
since the complicated process of establishing new communes and reviewing the rudimentary plan left by the french did not even begin until the fall of 1957 , this goal appears somewhat ambitious . END
from the very beginning the electoral discussions raised fundamental issues in UNK politics , precisely the type of questions that were most difficult to resolve in the new government . END
until the charter of liberties was issued in the fall of 1958 , there were no guarantees of the right to assemble or to organize for political purposes . END
the istiqlal was still firmly united in 1957 , but the UNK ( UNK UNK de UNK ) , the most important minor party at the time , objected to the UNK UNK in the civil service and influence in radio UNK . END
there were rumors that the ministry of the interior favored an arbitrary , `` UNK '' process , which were indirectly affirmed when the king personally intervened in the planned meetings . END
the day following his intervention the palace issued a statement reassuring the citizens that `` the possibility of introducing appeals concerning the establishment of electoral lists , lists of candidates and finally the holding of the consultation itself '' would be supported by the king himself . END
the UNK crisis in the fall of 1957 postponed further consideration of elections , but french consultants were called in and notices of further investigation appeared from time to time . END
in january , 1958 , the minister of the interior announced that an election law was ready to be submitted to the king , the rumors of election dates appeared once again , first for spring of 1958 and later for the summer . END
although the government was probably prepared for elections by UNK , the first decision was no doubt made more difficult as party strife multiplied . END
in late 1957 the UNK ( UNK UNK ) appeared and in the spring of 1958 the internal strains of the istiqlal was revealed when the third council of government under balafrej was formed without support from progressive elements in the party . END
the parties were on the whole unprepared for elections , while the people were still experiencing UNK UNK and suffering the UNK of poor UNK in 1957 . END
despite the internal and international crises that harassed morocco the elections remained a central issue . END
they figured prominently in the balafrej government of may , 1958 , which the king was reportedly determined to keep in office until elections could be held . END
but the eagerly sought `` homogeneity '' of the balafrej council of government was never achieved as the istiqlal quarreled over foreign policy , labor politics and economic development . END
by december , 1958 , when ' UNK ibrahim became president of the council , elections had even greater importance . END
they were increasingly looked upon as a means of establishing the new rural communes as the focus of a new , constructive national effort . END
to minimize the chances of repeating the balafrej UNK the ibrahim government was formed . END
a UNK personnel and a special office was created in the ministry of the interior to plan and to conduct the elections . END
by this time there is little doubt but what election plans were complete . END
there remained only the delicate task of maneuvering the laws through the UNK of palace politics and making a small number of policy decisions . END
from the rather UNK history of electoral planning in morocco an important point emerges concerning the first elections in a developing country and evaluating their results . END
in the new country the electoral process is considered as a means of UNK fundamental , and sometimes bitter , differences among leaders and also as a source of policy guidance . END
in the absence of a reservoir of political consensus each organized political group hopes that the elections will give them new prominence , but in a system where there is as yet no place for the less prominent . END
lacking the respected and effective institutions that consensus helps provide , minority parties , such as the UNK in 1957 and the progressive istiqlal faction in 1958 , UNK for elections when out of power , but are not at all certain they wish to be controlled by popular choice when in power . END
those in power tend to UNK and even to UNK the electoral process . END
the tendency to treat elections as an instrument of UNK rather than an instrument of national interest had two important effects on electoral planning in morocco . END
at the central level the UNK UNK voting system was selected over some form of the UNK de UNK system , even though the latter had been recommended by UNK and favored by all political parties . END
the choice of the single member district was dictated to a certain extent by problems of communication and understanding in the more remote areas of the country , but it also served to minimize the national political value of the elections . END
although the elections were for local officials , it was not necessary to conduct the elections so as to prevent parties from publicly UNK their candidates . END
with multiple member districts the still fragmentary local party organizations could have operated more effectively and parties might have been encouraged to state their positions more clearly . END
both parties and the ministry of the interior were busily at work after the elections trying to UNK the political affiliations of the successful candidates and , thereby , give the elections a confidential but known degree of national political significance . END
since a national interpretation cannot be avoided it is unfortunate that the elections were not held in a way to UNK party responsibility and the educational effect of mass political participation . END
the general setting of the UNK election may also encourage the UNK of local party organization . END
the concentration of effective power in UNK leads not only to party UNK , but to UNK from local activity that might have had many auxiliary benefits in addition to contributing to more meaningful elections . END
interesting evidence can be found in the results of the chamber of commerce elections , which took place three weeks before national elections . END
the UNK UNK ( UNK UNK des UNK , UNK et UNK ) was opposed by candidates of the new u.n.f.p. ( UNK national des forces UNK ) in nearly all urban centers . END
as the more conservative group with strong backing from wealthy businessmen , the UNK was generally favored against the more progressive , UNK u.n.f.p. . END
the newer party campaigned heavily , while the older , more confident party expected the UNK merchants and small businessmen to support them as they had done for many years . END
the local istiqlal and UNK offices did not campaign and lost heavily . END
the value of the elections was lost , both as an experiment in increased political participation and as a reliable indicator of commercial interest , as shown in table 1 . END
the chamber of commerce elections were , of course , an important event in the preparation for rural commune elections . END
the u.n.f.p. learned that its urban organization , which depends heavily on UNK support , was most effective . END
the istiqlal found that the spontaneous solidarity of the independence struggle was not easily transposed to the more concrete , precise problems of internal politics . END
the overall effect was probably to stimulate more party activity in the communal elections than might have otherwise taken place . END
a second major point of this essay is to examine the formal arrangements for the elections . END
although a somewhat technical subject , it has important political implications as the above discussion of the voting system indicated . END
furthermore , the problems and solutions devised in the electoral experiences of the rapidly changing countries are often of comparative value and essential to evaluating election results . END
the sine UNK non of the elections was naturally an impartial and standardized procedure . END
as the background discussion indicated there were frequently expressed doubts that a government dominated by either party could fairly UNK elections . END
the UNK and later the popular movement protected the UNK `` privileged position '' until the fall of balafrej , and then the istiqlal used the same argument , which it had previously ignored , against the UNK tendencies of the ibrahim government . END
the bulk of the preparation had , of course , proceeded under the supervision of the ministry of the interior , whose officials are barred from party activity and probably generally disinterested in party politics . END
apart from some areas of recurring trouble , like UNK UNK , where inexperienced officials had been appointed , there is little evidence that local officials intervened in the electoral process . END
centrally , however , the administrative problem was more complex and the sheer prestige of office was very likely an unfair advantage . END
the king decided to remove ibrahim a week before elections and to institute a UNK council of government under his personal direction . END
although the UNK had frequently asserted that the elections were to be without party significance , his action was an implicit admission that party UNK were a factor . END
the new council was itself UNK of political meaning , which was most clearly revealed in the absence of any u.n.f.p. members and the presence of several istiqlal leaders . END
since the details of the elections were settled the change of government had no direct effect on the technical aspects of the elections , and may have been more important as an indication of royal displeasure with the u.n.f.p. END
voting preparations began in the fall of 1959 , although the actual UNK and planning for the rural communes was completed in 1958 . END
there were three major administrative tasks : the fixing of electoral districts , the registration of voters and the registration of candidates . END
voter registration began in late november 1959 and continued until early january , 1960 . END
the government was most anxious that there be a respectable response . END
periodic bulletins of the accomplishment in each province made the registration process into a kind of competition among provincial officials . END
a goal was fixed , as given in table 2 , and attention focused on its fulfillment . END
the qualifications to vote were kept very simple . END
both men and women of twenty-one years of age could register and vote upon presenting proof of residence and identification . END
there were liberal provisions for UNK where documents or records were lacking . END
the police were UNK along with certain categories of UNK citizens , criminals and those punished for UNK activities . END
the registration figures given in table 2 must be interpreted with caution since the estimate for eligible UNK were made without the benefit of a reliable census . END
unemployed older workers who have no expectation of securing employment in the occupation in which they are skilled should be able to secure counseling and UNK in an occupation with a future . END
some vocational training schools provide such training , but the current need exceeds the facilities . END
the present federal program of vocational education began in 1917 with the passage of the UNK act , which provided a continuing annual appropriation of UNK million to support , on a matching basis , UNK programs of vocational education in agriculture , trades , industrial skills and home economics . END
since 1917 some thirteen supplementary and related acts have extended this federal program . END
the UNK act of 1946 raised the previous increases in annual authorizations to UNK million in addition to the UNK million under the smith act . END
the health amendment act of 1956 added $5 million for practical nurse training . END
the latest major change in this program was introduced by the national defense education act of 1958 , title 8 , of which amended the UNK act . END
annual authorizations of $15 million were added for area vocational education programs that meet national defense needs for highly skilled technicians . END
the federal program of vocational education merely provides financial aid to encourage the establishment of vocational education programs in public schools . END
the initiative , administration and control remain primarily with the local school districts . END
even the states remain primarily in an assisting role , providing leadership and teacher training . END
federal assistance is limited to half of the total expenditure , and the state or local districts must pay at least half . END
the state may decide to encourage local programs by paying half of the cost , or the state may require the local district to bear this half or some part of it . END
throughout the history of the program , state government expenditures in the aggregate have usually matched or exceeded the federal expenditures , while local districts all together have spent more than either federal or state governments . END
today , federal funds account for only one-fifth of the nation's expenditures for vocational education . END
the greatest impact of the UNK principle has been in initially encouraging the UNK states and school districts to spend enough to obtain their full allocation of outside funds . END
national defense considerations have been the major reason behind most federal training expenditures in recent decades . END
during world war 2 , about 7.5 million persons were enrolled in courses organized under two special programs administered by state and local school authorities : ( 1 ) vocational education for national defense , and ( 2 ) war production training . END
the total cost of the five-year program was UNK million . END
for the UNK , UNK , and national defense act of 1958 , the cumulative total of federal expenditures in 42 years was only about UNK million . END
no comparable measures are available of UNK and expenditures for private vocational education training . END
there are a great number and variety of private commercial schools , trade schools and technical schools . END
in addition , many large corporations operate their own formal training programs . END
a recent study indicated that 85 per cent of the nation's largest corporations conducted educational programs involving some class meetings and examinations . END
most skilled industrial workers , nevertheless , still acquire their skills outside of formal training institutions . END
the national manpower council of columbia university has estimated that three out of five skilled workers and one out of five technicians have not been formally trained . END
there is little doubt that the students benefit from vocational education . END
employers prefer to hire youth with such training rather than those without , and most graduates of vocational training go to work in jobs related to their training . END
vocational educators do not claim that school training alone makes skilled workers , but it provides the essential UNK for developing skills . END
in most states , trade and industrial training is provided in a minority of the high schools , usually located in the larger cities . END
in arkansas fewer than 6 per cent of the high schools offer trade and industrial courses . END
in illinois about 13 per cent of the schools have programs , and in pennsylvania 11 per cent . END
an important recent trend is the development of area vocational schools . END
for a number of years kentucky , louisiana and several other states have been building UNK vocational education schools that serve nearby school districts in several counties . END
these schools are intended to provide the facilities and specialized curriculum that would not be possible for very small school districts . END
transportation may be provided from nearby school districts . END
courses are provided mainly for post high school day programs ; ; END
but sometimes arrangements also are made for high school students to attend , and evening extension courses also may be conducted . END
the title 8 , program of the national defense education act of 1958 was a great spur to this trend toward area schools . END
by 1960 there were such schools in all but 4 states . END
they were operating in 10 of the 17 major areas of chronic labor surplus and in 10 of the minor areas . END
an extension of this program into the other distressed areas should be undertaken . END
some of this trend toward area vocational schools has been related to the problems of persistent labor surplus areas and their desire to attract new industry . END
the major training need of a new industrial plant is a short period of UNK training for a large number of UNK machine operators . END
a few key skilled workers experienced in the company's type of work usually must be brought in with the plant manager , or hired away from a similar plant elsewhere . END
a prospective industry also may be interested in the long-run advantages of training programs in the area to supply future skilled workers and provide supplementary extension courses for its employees . END
the existence of a public school vocational training program in trade and industry provides a base from which such needs can be filled . END
additional courses can readily be added and special cooperative programs worked out with any new industry if the basic facilities , staff and program are in being . END
thus , besides the training provided to youth in school , the existence of the school program can have supplementary benefits to industry which make it an asset to industrial development efforts . END
few states make effective use of their existing vocational education programs or funds for the purpose of attracting new industry . END
the opportunity exists for states to reserve some of their vocational education funds to apply on an ad UNK flexible basis to subsidize any local UNK training programs that may be quickly set up in a community to aid a new industrial plant . END
the major weakness of vocational training programs in labor surplus areas is their focus on serving solely local job demands . END
this weakness is not unique to labor surplus areas , for it is inherent in the system of local school districts in this country . END
planning of vocational education programs and courses is oriented to local employer needs for trained workers . END
all the manuals for setting up vocational courses stress the importance of first making a local survey of skill needs , of UNK the growth of local jobs , and of consulting with local employers on the types of courses and their content . END
furthermore , there is a cautious conservatism on the part of those making local skill surveys . END
local jobs can be seen and counted , while opportunities elsewhere are regarded as more hypothetical . END
while the u. s. department of labor has a program of projecting industry and occupational employment trends and publishing current outlook statements , there is little tangible evidence that these projections have been used extensively in local curriculum planning . END
the u. s. office of education continues to stress local surveys rather than national surveys . END
this procedure is extremely shortsighted in chronic labor surplus areas with a long history of declining employment . END
elaborate studies have been made in labor surplus areas in order to identify sufficient numbers of local job UNK and future replacement needs for certain skills to justify training programs for those skills . END
no effort is made in the same studies to present information on regional or national demand trends in these skills or to consider whether regional or national demands for other skills might provide much better opportunities for the youth to be trained . END
moreover , the current information on what types of training are needed and possible is too limited and fragmentary . END
there simply is not enough material available on the types of job skills that are in demand and the types of training programs that are required or most suitable . END
much of the available information comes not from the federal government but from an exchange of experiences among states . END
state and local agencies in the vocational education field must be encouraged to adopt a wider outlook on future job opportunities . END
there is a need for an expanded federal effort to provide research and information to help guide state education departments and local school boards in existing programs . END
a related question is whether unemployed workers can be motivated to take the training provided . END
there is little evidence that existing public or private training programs have any great difficulty getting students to enroll in their programs , even though they must pay tuition , receive no subsistence payments , and are not guaranteed a job . END
however , there always is some limit to the numbers who will spend the time and effort to acquire training . END
again , one major difficulty is the local focus . END
a training program in a depressed area may have few UNK unless there is some apparent prospect for better employment opportunities afterwards , and the prospect may be poor if the training is aimed solely at jobs in the local community . END
if there is adequate information on job opportunities for skilled jobs elsewhere , many more workers can be expected to respond . END
another problem is who will pay for the training . END
local school districts are hard pressed financially and UNK about vocational training . END
programs usually are expanded only when outside funds are available or local business leaders demand it . END
even industrial development leaders find it hard to win local support for training unless a new industry is in sight and requests it . END
state governments have been taking the lead in establishing area vocational schools , but their focus is still on area job opportunities . END
only the federal government is likely to be able to take a long-run and UNK view and to pay for training to meet national skilled manpower needs . END
if only state funds were used to pay for the vocational education , it could be argued that the state should not have to bear the cost of vocational training which would benefit employers in other states . END
however , if federal funds are used , it would be entirely appropriate to train workers for jobs which could be obtained elsewhere as well as for jobs in the area of chronic unemployment . END
such training would increase the tendency of workers to leave the area and find jobs in other localities . END
a further possibility is suggested by the example of the g. i. bills and also by some recent trends in attitudes toward improving college education : that is to provide financial assistance to individuals for vocational training when local facilities are inadequate . END
this probably would require some support for subsistence as well as for tuition , but the total would be no greater than for the proposals of unemployment compensation or a youth conservation corps . END
a maximum of $600 per year per student would enable many to take training away from home . END
a program of financial assistance would permit placing emphasis on the national interest in training highly skilled labor . END
instead of being limited to the poor training facilities in remote areas , the student would be able to move to large institutions of concentrated specialized training . END
such specialized training institutions could be located near the most rapidly growing industries , where the equipment and job experience exist and where the future employment opportunities are located . END
this would UNK possibilities for part-time cooperative , UNK and extension training . END
personal financial assistance would enable more emphasis to be placed on the interests of the individual . END
his UNK and preferences could be given more weight in selecting the proper training . END
but briefly , the UNK configuration must be examined for its inferences . END
then the fact that the lower channel line was pierced had further forecasting significance . END
and then the application of the count rules to the width ( UNK ) of the configuration gives us an UNK estimate of the probable depth of the decline . END
the very idea of there being `` count rules '' implies that there is some sort of proportion to be expected between the amount of UNK activity and the extent of the UNK ( run up or run down ) movement . END
this expectation is what really `` sold '' point and figure . END
but there is no positive and consistently UNK relationship in the UNK sense . END
experience will show that only the UNK UNK apply , and in fine , these merely dwell upon a relationship between the UNK and intensities of events . END
after all , too much does not happen too suddenly , nor does very little take long . END
the advantages and disadvantages of these two types of charting , bar charting and point and figure charting , remain the subject of fairly good-natured litigation among their respective professional UNK , with both methods enjoying in common , one UNK merit . END
they are both UNK methods . END
even if we strip their respective claims to the UNK minimum , the `` odds '' still favor them both , for the trend in effect is always more likely to continue than to reverse . END
of course , many more things are charted besides prices . END
the foregoing have been methods of charting prices , but now let us look at some of the other indices that are customarily charted , and which are looked to for their forecasting abilities . END
the search for forecasting formulae is UNK . END
UNK have been worked up between the loading of freight cars and the course of stock price . END
the theory behind this is , of course , fundamentalist in character . END
as the number of reported freight car loadings increased , this was taken to indicate increased industrial activity , and consequently increased stock earnings , implying UNK dividends , and implying therefore increased stock market prices . END
we now know that things rarely ever work out in such UNK fashion , and that car loadings , while perhaps interesting enough , are nevertheless not the magic formula that will always turn before stock prices turn . END
but the quest for such an index goes on UNK , with all manner of investors and UNK participating , ranging from the UNK institutional type virtually to the proverbial UNK operator , all seeking UNK , UNK , daily -- and often UNK -- for the enchanting index that will UNK the eternal secret : which way will the market move -- up or down ? ? END
it recalls to mind the quest of UNK times for the fountain of youth , a quest heavily invested in , during the days of wooden ships . END
just as heavily invested are the endeavors of UNK of modern men who carry on the quest for the enchanting index . END
the quest offers careers . END
much of this goes on in offices high up in wall UNK lofty UNK towers . END
there sit men who make moving averages of weekly volume , monthly averages of UNK ratios , ratios of the number of advances to the number of declines , ratios of an individual UNK performance to overall market performance , ratios of rising price volume to falling price volume , odd-lot indices , and what not . END
they are concerned with all things traded in , securities , bonds , UNK , coffee , soybeans , cotton , tin , oats , etc. . END
and along chicago's west jackson boulevard , la UNK street , and around the merchandise UNK UNK there sit men who chart crop reports , who divide the number of reported UNK by the number of reported UNK , and the number of UNK by the amount of corn . END
they plot the open interest curves , UNK curves , and they even divide democratic congressmen by republican congressmen . END
all these things and countless more enter into their calculations , and yet , the enchanting index remains UNK . END
not , at any rate , in the fuller sense of the word . END
the markets are far too subtle , and the last word in these endeavors will doubtless never be written , for the enchanting index is about as UNK as the fountain of youth . END
but whereas civilized men no longer pursue the fountain , they never abandoned their pursuit of the enchanting index . END
we mentioned odd-lot indices a few paragraphs ago . END
in the stock market , the normal trading package is a hundred shares , just as 5,000 bushels is the standard grain contract package . END
a stock transaction for less than a hundred shares is executed via a special odd-lot UNK on the floor of the exchange . END
this results in a separate record being made , distinguishing these trades from the overall volume of trading . END
according to the theory underlying odd-lot indices , the trader who trades odd lots is most likely a small trader , one who can't afford to trade round lots . END
or , to use the cynical UNK of one odd-lot index UNK , they represent a sampling of the least sophisticated UNK of traders . END
falling most easily prey to an adverse market movement , for this rank of traders can least afford to lose , virtually anything the odd-lot traders do , UNK , is taken to UNK the `` wrong '' thing to do . END
figures reporting the volume of odd-lot purchases and odd-lot sales are released by the stock exchange and carried in the newspapers . END
odd-lot index observers then make UNK of the data according to their particular statistical recipe . END
they might , for example , plot it exactly as is , or they might make ten day moving averages of it , or longer moving averages , or they might simply plot the ratio of odd-lot purchases to odd-lot sales . END
the particular recipe is a matter of individual taste . END
the data is now interpreted in conjunction with a price chart , usually of a popular stock average . END
towards the end of an intermediate or major rise , while the top is forming on the price chart , it is frequently observed that the odd-lot buying increases sharply . END
this UNK the UNK that the formation in progress is quite likely to be a top . END
similarly , at the opposite end of the market cycle , towards the end of an intermediate or major decline , usually while the bottom is being formed on the price chart , it is characteristic that an increase is noticed in odd-lot selling again alerting the UNK that a bottom is becoming a greater likelihood . END
thus , in the aggregate , the odd-lot trader is one who buys at the tops and sells at the bottoms , notwithstanding occasional individual exceptions . END
while it had long been known in general , that `` the public is always wrong '' , the use of odd-lot indices now puts the UNK on a statistical basis . END
one might well wonder why the `` public is always wrong '' and the question raised is about as awkward as the one concerned with the chicken and the egg . END
which came first ? ? END
is it really that the `` public '' buys at the tops , and not that the market tops out when the `` public '' buys ? ? END
and the converse at bottoms . END
does the `` public '' usually sell at bottoms , or does the market usually bottom out when the `` public '' sells ? ? END
we have been using the word `` public '' in quotation marks , that is , in its UNK connotation with reference to the odd-lot index theory . END
obviously someone has to sell in order for someone to buy , and vice versa . END
and while all concerned are members of the literal public , somewhat less than all concerned , although still a majority , form the quotation marked `` public '' . END
and the public minus the `` public '' leaves the so-called `` sophisticated '' element -- the element on the other end of the `` public's '' transactions . END
this element is often called `` strong hands '' . END
strong hands differ from `` weak hands '' in that their operations are the primary movers . END
they initiate campaigns , so to speak , even if this initiation is UNK among them , and their UNK action only psychologically organized . END
strong hands act ; ; END
strong hands move first ; ; END
weak hands ask , what is going on ? ? END
when strong hands buy , they are able to buy more , and they do it even in the face of UNK news reports . END
they are able to sit more patiently with what they have bought . END
needless to say , strong hands are not eager to be joined by weak hands , for this increases the risk that they will have to absorb what these weak hands unload on the way up , at higher prices , during the UNK phase of the campaign . END
certain badly UNK market critics are often apt to feel that there is something somehow unfair , dirty , or even thoroughly criminal about this interplay of competitive forces . END
but after all , can anyone imagine a market wherein the reverse of these things were true ? ? END
try to imagine a market in which only a minority of traders would lose , and the majority would make consistent profits . END
how much and how many profits could a majority take out of the losses of a few ? ? END
moreover , the taunt concerning the `` sophisticated '' UNK and its alleged UNK is put to test during every campaign , and UNK only upon results ; ; END
it quite often happens that campaigns go UNK , resulting in a most UNK UNK of strong hands into UNK hands , just as a member of a former UNK `` public '' may emerge UNK `` right '' the next time . END
membership in the UNK UNK too . END
the study of odd-lot indices is somehow akin to the spectacle of a man trying to UNK his own shadow , what with all observers trying to get on the side of the `` few '' at the same time . END
the usefulness of this study and of configuration analysis as well , declines in direct proportion to the UNK of its use . END
it has to , by virtue of the very dictionary definition of the word `` few '' . END
UNK opposition must persist as to the future course of prices , if there is to persist a market at all . END
and the few must win what the many lose , for the opposite arrangement would not support markets as we know them at all , and is , in fact , UNK . END
there need be no UNK about admitting this . END
anyone still UNK that this is the only way markets can be is invited to try to imagine a market wherein the majority consistently wins what the minority loses . END
mr. john UNK , whose work has been discussed in this chapter , was quoted in a new yorker magazine profile as saying : `` of course , you have to remember it's a good thing for us UNK that there aren't more of us . END
if you got too many people UNK by this method , their operations would begin to affect stock prices , and thus throw the charts off . END
the method would become UNK '' . END
mr. alexander h. UNK study helps in point and figure technique tells the readers : `` we assure you that the total number of people using this method of market analysis is a very small portion of the sum total of those operating in the securities and commodities markets '' . END
what with traders trading for so many different objectives , and what with there being so many unique and individualized market theories and trading techniques in use , and more coming into use all the time , it is hard to imagine how any particular theory or technique could acquire enough `` fans '' to UNK itself . END
nevertheless , all theories and techniques lead but to one of two possible modes of expression , if they lead to a market UNK at all . END
in the final analysis , then , the user becomes either a bull or a bear in a given instance , notwithstanding any amount of UNK and calculation , however elaborate . END
thus while his theory or technique may not be UNK , it is commonplace for UNK and UNK positions to become temporarily UNK . END
though the methods of deciding may be profound and diverse , the possible conclusions remain but two . END
chapter 6 , more methods END
the purpose set forth at the beginning of this book was first to introduce the reader to a general background knowledge of the various types and capabilities of the forecasting methods already in use , so that he might then be in a position to evaluate for himself the validity of the rather astonishing empirical correlation that is to follow , and to appraise the forecast that its interpretation suggests for the future of farm prices over the years immediately ahead . END
in assessing the outlook for interest rates in 1961 , the question , as always , is the prospect for general business activity . END
by and large , what happens to business as a whole will govern the relationship between demand and supply conditions in the capital markets and will thus determine interest rates . END
moreover , the trend of general business activity in 1961 will exert a decisive influence on fiscal , monetary , and other federal policies which affect interest rates . END
UNK has been a baffling year for analysts of general business activity . END
during much of the year the general level of business activity has moved along on a UNK UNK , but there have been persistent signs of slack in the economy . END
the tendency for general business activity to soften somewhat is becoming more evident . END
although the pause in the advance of general business activity this year has thus far been quite modest , it is hard to escape the conclusion that the softening process will continue into the first quarter of 1961 and possibly somewhat longer . END
it is difficult to see any powerful sources of strength on the horizon at this time which would give the economy a new upward thrust . END
the rate of plant and equipment spending by business and industry now seems to be UNK out and facing some decline . END
in earlier business cycles , when this occurred the country usually experienced a sharp upturn in residential construction as mortgage financing became easier to obtain . END
at this time , however , there are signs that increased availability of mortgage credit will not act with the usual speed to stimulate a sharp rise in residential construction . END
these signs are the inventories of UNK houses in some areas of the country and the moderate rise in vacancy rates for apartments ( UNK in september ) . END
on the other hand , in a more favorable vein , general business activity should receive some stimulus from rising federal spending , and the reduction in business inventories has probably run a good part of its course . END
the 2% increase in retail sales in october to a UNK high is encouraging in this connection as well as the most recent consumer survey by the national industrial conference board , which shows a decided pickup in consumer spending plans . END
the pattern of general business activity which probably lies ahead of us is a further moderate softening through the spring of 1961 before a new rise in economic activity gets under way . END
the recovery will probably be UNK by a rising rate of housing starts next spring in response to more readily available mortgage credit , as well as by an expansion of government spending , well sustained consumer spending , and some rebuilding of business inventories . END
what does the general business outlook suggest about the trend of long-term rates in 1961 ? ? END
it suggests that during the next several months , through the spring of 1961 , the demand for long-term capital funds may be moderately lower and that interest rates may tend to move a little lower , especially the rates on federal , state , and local bonds , as well as those on publicly offered corporate bonds . END
however , as witnessed by the large corporate bond calendar at present , as well as the record amount of municipal bond issues approved by voters , the over-all demands for capital funds seem likely to remain high , so that any downward pressure on rates from reduced demand should not be great . END
it seems likely , moreover , that with an increase in the rate of saving in mortgage lending institutions , interest rates on residential mortgages may move somewhat lower through the spring of next year , although the increased ease in residential mortgage lending may occur primarily in other terms than interest rate , e.g. , easier UNK and UNK terms . END
if the trend of general business activity follows the pattern suggested here , we are likely to see additional steps by the federal reserve authorities to ease the availability of credit . END
certainly a further reduction in the discount rate would be a strong possibility , as well as an easier reserve position for the UNK system . END
however , the monetary authorities will continue to be required to pay attention to the consequences of their actions with respect to our international balance of payments position and the UNK of gold , as well as with regard to avoiding the creation of excessive UNK in the economy , which would delay the effectiveness of monetary policy measures in the next expansion phase of the business cycle . END
one of the most UNK questions is whether the recent departures of the federal reserve authorities from UNK their open market operations to treasury bills will spread into UNK government securities in the next few months . END
to the extent that the new administration has its wishes , the federal reserve would conduct its open market operations throughout the entire maturity range of government securities and UNK seek to force down long-term interest rates . END
the principle of `` bills only '' , or `` bills preferably '' , seems so strongly accepted by the federal reserve that it is difficult to UNK conditions which would persuade the authorities to depart radically from it by extending their open market purchases regularly into long-term government securities . END
however , to the extent that the monetary authorities , in their effort to ease credit in the next several months , conduct their open market operations in UNK government bonds , they will certainly act to UNK any tendency for long-term interest rates to ease as a result of market forces . END
by the end of the spring of 1961 , assuming that a general business recovery gets under way , interest rates should begin to edge upward again , depending upon the vigor of the recovery and the determination with which the monetary authorities move to restrain credit availability . END
my guess would be that interest rates will decline moderately into the spring of 1961 and during the second half of the year will turn up gradually to recover the ground lost during the UNK . END
it is pertinent to ask the question : has the long UNK of interest rates during the past 15 years just about run its course , and are we now entering a period in which both capital market forces and federal policies will produce a prolonged decline of interest rates ? ? END
my answer is in the negative because i believe that total capital demands during the sixties will continue to press against available supplies , and interest rates will generally tend to be firm at high levels . END
this view is based upon several basic economic forces which i believe will be operating in the sixties , as follows : ( 1 ) END
recent events in the general assembly of the united nations confirm that the cold war will remain with us , and probably intensify , for the foreseeable future . END
this makes it certain that federal expenditures for military UNK and foreign economic aid are likely to rise further in the next several years . END
we are just beginning the task of trying to win or maintain the friendship of the new african nations against the ruthless competition of the communist bloc . END
our efforts to overcome the lead of the russians in space are bound to mean accelerated federal spending . END
moreover , it is likely that federal policies aimed at stimulating a faster rate of economic growth of the country , to keep ahead of the communist countries and to demonstrate that our free economic system is better than theirs , will lead to rising federal spending in certain areas such as education , housing , medical aid , and the like . END
there are serious dangers involved in this trend toward rising federal expenditures , of which i take a dim view , but it seems very likely to occur . END
during the sixties we have the prospect of a significant stepping up in the rate of household formations , which should contribute to a rising volume of consumer expenditures and home building . END
according to the latest projections of the bureau of the census , the annual rate of household formations will increase for the next 20 years . END
under the most favorable assumptions for increase , the bureau of the census projects that the annual rate of household formations will rise from about UNK in the last two years of the fifties to an annual rate of about UNK in the first five years of the sixties , and to a slightly higher annual rate of UNK in the second half of the decade . END
during the UNK the projections show a more pronounced rise to an annual rate of UNK in the second half of that decade . END
accordingly , the expanding markets for consumer goods and housing occasioned by the higher rate of household formation should enhance the general economic prospects of the sixties . END
however , the impact of a rising rate of household formation this decade should not be exaggerated . END
the average annual rate of UNK in the second half of the sixties is still considerably below the annual rate of UNK in the three-year period from april 1947 to march 1950 . END
with the expansion of family formation in the sixties , a continued substantial rise in expenditures by state and local government units seems to be indicated . END
this is an area in which there is still a large backlog of demand . END
state and local expenditures ( in real terms ) increased UNK from UNK in 1949 to UNK in 1959 , and it would not be surprising if they showed a comparable increase in this decade , which would carry them to the neighborhood of UNK by UNK . END
here would be a powerful force for raising business activity . END
it seems likely that with the three preceding forces at play , the rate of business and industrial plant and equipment expenditures should continue to move upward from the levels of the fifties . END
spurred by keen competition in our industrial system , and still further increases in the funds devoted to industrial research , plant and equipment expenditures by business and industry should rise during the decade . END
in a more pessimistic vein about the economic outlook , i suspect that the reservoir of demand for consumer goods and housing which was UNK during the thirties and world war 2 , is finally in the process of running dry . END
there is some clear-cut evidence of this . END
for example , the huge postwar demand on the part of veterans for housing under the va home loan UNK program seems to have largely exhausted itself . END
indeed , the failure of UNK as a whole to respond this year to somewhat greater availability of mortgage financing , and the increasing reports of pockets of UNK homes and rising vacancy rates in apartment buildings , may also signal in part that the lush days of big backlog demand for housing are reaching an end . END
in a way , we may be witnessing the same thing in the sales of automobiles today as the public no longer is willing to purchase any car coming on the market but is more insistent on compact cars free of the UNK which were accepted in the fifties . END
the huge backlog of demand which was evident in the first decade and a half after the war was fed by liquid assets accumulated by the public during the war , and even more so by the easier and easier credit in the consumer loan and home loan fields . END
the consuming public has used up a good part of these liquid assets , or they have been drained by the rising price level , and we have apparently gotten to the end of the line in making consumer or home mortgage terms easier . END
this is not to say that the level of consumer expenditures will not continue to rise in the sixties . END
i am confident that it will , but consumer spending in the sixties will not be fortified by the great backlog of wants and desires which characterized most of the fifties . END
markets should become more competitive as consumers become more selective . END
accordingly , during the sixties our national economy is likely to grow at as fast a rate as in the fifties and , in the process , to require enormous amounts of capital funds . END
wage-price policies of industry are the result of a complex of forces -- no single explanation has been found which applies to all cases . END
the purpose of this paper is to analyze one possible force which has not been treated in the literature , but which we believe makes a significant contribution to explaining the wage-price behavior of a few very important industries . END
while there may be several such industries to which the model of this paper is applicable , the authors make particular claim of relevance to the explanation of the course of wages and prices in the steel industry of the united states since world war 2 . END
indeed , the apparent stiffening of the industry's attitude in the recent steel strike has a direct explanation in terms of the model here presented . END
the model of this paper considers an industry which is not characterized by vigorous price competition , but which is so basic that its wage-price policies are held in check by continuous critical public scrutiny . END
where the industry's product price has been kept below the `` UNK '' and `` UNK '' prices due to fears of public reaction , the profit seeking producers have an interest in offering little real resistance to wage demands . END
the contribution of this paper is a demonstration of this proposition , and an exploration of some of its implications . END
in order to focus clearly upon the operation of this one force , which we may call the effect of `` public-limit pricing '' on `` key '' wage UNK , we deliberately simplify the model by UNK from other forces , such as union power , which may be relevant in an actual situation . END
for UNK purposes , this is best treated as a model which UNK out the conditions under which an important industry affected with the public interest would find it profitable to raise wages even in the absence of union pressures for higher wages . END
part 1 , below describes this abstract model by spelling out its assumptions . END
part 2 , discusses the operation of the model and derives some significant conclusions . END
part 3 , discusses the empirical relevance and policy implications of the conclusions . END
part 4 , is a brief summary . END
the mathematical appendix presents the rigorous argument , but is best read after part 1 , in order that the assumptions underlying the equations may be explicit . END
1 , the assumptions of the model END
the industry with which this model is concerned is a basic industry , producing a substantial share of gross national product . END
price competition is lacking . END
for the purposes of setting the product price , the industry UNK as a single entity . END
in wage negotiations , the industry UNK as a unit with a single union . END
the demand for the industry's product END
we are concerned with aggregate demand for the industry's product . END
the manner in which this is shared among firms is taken as given . END
in any given time period , the aggregate demand for the industry's product is determined by two things : the price charged by the industry , and the level of aj . END
for the purposes of this discussion , the problem of relative prices is UNK in these two variables , since gnp includes other prices . END
( we abstract here from technological progress and assume that prices of all other products change proportionately . END
the form of the industry demand function is one which makes quantity demanded vary inversely with the product price , and vary directly with the level of aj . END
the industry of this model is so important that its wage and price policies are affected with a public interest . END
because of its importance , and because the lack of price competition is well recognized , the industry is under considerable public pressure not to raise its price any more than could be justified by cost increases . END
the threat of effective anti-trust action , provoked by `` UNK the public '' through price increases not justified by cost increases , and fears of UNK relations with customers , congress , the general public and the press , all operate to keep price increases in some relation to cost increases . END
for the industry of this model , the effect of such public pressures in the past has been to hold the price well below the UNK UNK price ( given the wage rate and the level of gnp ) , and even below the UNK price ( but not below average cost ) . END
for such an industry , it is only `` safe '' to raise its price if such an increase is manifestly `` justified '' by rising costs ( due to rising wages , etc. ) . END
thus , if public pressure sets the effective limit to the price that the industry may charge , this pressure is itself a function of the wage rate . END
in this model , we abstract from all UNK sources of cost changes , so that the `` public-limit price '' only rises as the wage rate rises . END
in such circumstances , it may well be to the advantage of the industry to allow an increase in the basic wage rate . END
since marginal costs rise when the wage rate rises , the UNK price also rises when the public-limit price is elevated , and is likely to remain well above the latter . END
the UNK price will also be raised for potential domestic competition , but unless general inflation permits profit margins to increase proportionately throughout the economy , we might expect the public-limit price to approach the UNK price . END
the UNK price would be approached more rapidly , since domestic UNK do not enter foreign costs directly . END
where this approach becomes critical , the industry can be expected to put much emphasis on this as evidence of its sincerity in `` resisting '' the wage pressures of a powerful union , requesting tariff relief after it has `` reluctantly '' UNK to the union pressure . END
whether or not it is in the industry's interest to allow the basic wage rate to rise obviously depends upon the extent to which the public-limit price rises in response to a basic wage increase , and the relation of this response to the increase in costs accompanying the wage increase . END
the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is itself a function of three things : the passage of time , the level of gnp , and the size of the wage increase . END
we are UNK from the fact of strikes here , but it should be obvious that the extent to which the public-limit price is raised by a given increase in the basic wage rate is also a function of the show of resistance put up by the industry . END
the industry may deliberately take a strike , not to put pressure on the union , but in order to `` educate '' the government and the customers of the industry . END
as a strike continues , these parties increase their pressure on the industry to reach an agreement . END
they become increasingly willing to accept the price increase that the industry claims the wage bargain would entail . END
public indignation and resistance to wage-price increases is obviously much less when the increases are on the order of UNK per UNK than when the increases are on the order of UNK per month . END
the simple passage of an additional eleven months' time makes the second UNK boost more acceptable . END
thus , the public-limit price is raised further by a given wage increase the longer it has been since the previous price increase . END
notice , however , that the passage of time does not permit the raising of prices per se , without an accompanying wage increase . END
similarly , higher levels of gnp do not , in themselves , provide grounds for raising prices , but they do relax some of the pressure on the industry so that it can raise prices higher for a given wage increase . END
this is not extended to anticipated levels of gnp , however -- only the current level of gnp affects the public pressure against wage-price increases . END
finally , since the public requires some restraint on the part of the companies , larger wage increases call for less than proportionately larger price increases ( e.g. , if a wage increase of 5% allows a price increase of UNK , a wage increase of 10% allows a price increase of something less than UNK ) . END
we assume that average total unit cost in the relevant region of operation is constant with respect to quantity produced ( the average cost curve is horizontal , and therefore is identical with the marginal cost curve ) , and is the same for every firm ( and therefore for the industry ) . END
the level of this average cost is determined by factor prices , technology , and so forth . END
as we have noted , however , we are UNK from changes in all UNK of this level except for changes in the wage rate . END
the level of average cost ( equal to marginal cost ) is thus strictly a function of the wage rate . END
union policies and collective bargaining issues END
the single union which faces the industry does not restrict its membership , and there is an adequate supply of labor available to the firms of the industry at the going wage rate . END
the union does not regard unemployment of its own members as a matter of concern when setting its own wage policy -- its concern with employment makes itself felt in pressure upon the government to maintain full employment . END
the union vigorously demands wage increases from productivity increases , and wage increases to offset UNK increases , but we abstract from these forces here . END
for our present purposes we assume that the sole subject of bargaining is the basic wage rate ( not including productivity improvement factors or UNK adjustments ) , and it is this basic wage rate which determines the level of costs . END
productivity is something of an amorphous concept and the amount of productivity increase in a given time period is not even well known to the industry , much less to the union or to the public . END
disagreement on the amount of productivity increase UNK the problem of agreeing how an increase in profit margins related to a productivity increase should be shared . END
the existence of conflict and of vigorous union demand for an increase in money wages does not contradict the assumption that the union is willing to settle for UNK and UNK increases as distinct from a UNK increase in the basic wage rate . END
we assume further that the union recognizes the possibility that UNK increases may offset UNK increases , and it does not entirely disregard the effect of price increases arising from its own wage increases upon the `` real '' wage rate . END
for internal political reasons , the union asks for ( and accepts ) increases in the basic wage rate , and would vigorously oppose a reduction in this rate , but the adjustment of the basic wage rate upwards is essentially up to the discretion of the companies of the industry . END
changes in the basic wage rate are UNK , and they constitute an argument for raising prices . END
however , it is not known to either the union or the public precisely how much of a cost increase is caused by a given change in the basic wage rate , although the companies are presumed to have reliable estimates of this magnitude . END
in this model , then , the industry is presumed to realize that they could successfully resist a change in the basic wage rate , but since such a change is the only effective means to raising prices they may , in circumstances to be spelled out in part 2 , below , find it to their advantage to allow the wage rise . END
thus , for UNK changes in the basic wage rate , the industry becomes the active UNK , since any increase in the basic wage rate can occur only by reason of industry acquiescence . END
the UNK in the literature would appear to be that the basic wage rate would be unchanged in this case , on the grounds that it is `` clearly '' not in the interest of the industry to raise wages UNK . END
from this UNK it is an easy step to the conclusion that any observed increases in the basic wage rate must be due to union behavior different and more aggressive than assumed in our model . END
it is this conclusion that we challenge ; ; END
we do so by UNK the UNK on which it is based . END
2 , the operation of the model END
it is convenient to assume that the UNK contract is of one year's duration . END
in the century from 1815 to 1914 the law of nations became international law . END
several factors contributed to this change . END
the congress of vienna is a convenient starting point because it both UNK and symbolized what was to follow . END
here in 1815 the great nations assembled to UNK not merely for europe , but for the world . END
thus the congress marks a formal recognition of the political system that was central to world politics for a century . END
international law had to fit the conditions of europe , and nothing that could not fit this system , or the interests of the great european nations collectively , could possibly emerge as law in any meaningful sense . END
essentially this imposed two conditions : first , international law had to recognize and be compatible with an international political system in which a number of states were competitive , suspicious , and UNK in their political UNK with one another ; ; END
second , it had to be compatible with the value system that they shared . END
in both respects , international law was UNK . END
it was not always easy to develop theory and doctrine which would square the two conditions . END
on the one hand , the major european nations had to maintain UNK each other an emphasis upon sovereignty , independence , formal equality -- thus insuring for themselves individually an optimal freedom of action to maintain the `` flexibility of alignment '' that the system required and to avoid anything approaching a repetition of the disastrous UNK experience . END
but there was no pressing need to maintain these same standards with regard to most of the rest of the world . END
thus , theory and doctrine applicable among the great nations and the smaller european states did not really comfortably fit less developed and less powerful societies elsewhere . END
political interference in africa and asia and even in latin america ( though limited in latin america by the special interest of the united states as expressed in the monroe doctrine , itself from the outset related to european politics and long dependent upon the `` balance of power '' system in europe ) was necessary in order to preserve both common economic values and the european `` balance '' itself . END
a nation such as switzerland could be neutralized by agreement and could be relied upon to protect its UNK ; ; END
more doubtful , but possible , ( with an assist from the north ) was the UNK of the latin american countries ; ; END
out of the question was the UNK of asia and africa . END
this UNK of the law was made explicit by a number of 19th century scholars . END
more emphasis was put upon the fact that international law was the law of `` civilized nations '' ; ; END
kent and story , the great early american scholars , repeatedly made use of this phrase , or of `` christian nations '' , which is a substantial equivalent . END
UNK stated that the public law was essentially `` limited to the civilized and christian peoples of europe or to those of european origin '' . END
of course it had always been of european origin in fact , but it had maintained a universal outlook under the natural law theory . END
now , with virtually every writer , not only was the european origin of public law acknowledged as a historical phenomenon , but the rules thus established by the advanced civilizations of europe were to be imposed on others . END
the european customs on which international law was based were to become , by force and fiat , the customs that others were to accept as law if they were to join this community as sovereign states . END
hall , for example , was quite explicit on this point when he said states outside european civilization must formally enter into the circle of UNK countries . END
they must do something with the acquiescence of the latter , or some of them , which amounts to an acceptance of the law in its entirety beyond all possibility of UNK '' . END
during the nineteenth century these views were protested by virtually all the latin american writers , though UNK , just as the new nations of africa and asia protest them , with more effect , today . END
a number of other nineteenth-century developments contributed to the UNK of the law of nations into international law ; ; END
that is , from aspects of a universal system of justice into particular rules governing the relations of sovereign states . END
the difference is important , for although the older law of nations did cover relationships among UNK , this was by no means its exclusive domain . END
the law of nature governed UNK in their relationship to their own citizens , to foreigners , and to each other in a UNK unified system . END
the theory of international law , which in the nineteenth century became common to virtually all writers in europe and america , broke this unity and this UNK . END
it lost sight of the individual almost entirely and confined itself to rules limiting the exercise of state power for reasons essentially UNK with justice or morality save as these values might affect international relations . END
no longer did the sovereign look to the law of nations to determine what he ought to do ; ; END
his search was merely for rules that might limit his freedom of action . END
to appreciate this development , we must relate it to other aspects of nineteenth-century philosophy . END
first , and most obvious , was the growing nationalism and the tendency to regard the state , and the individual's identification with the state , as UNK other ties of social solidarity . END
national identification was not new , but it was accelerating in intensity and scope throughout europe as new UNK occurred . END
it reached its ultimate philosophical statement in notions of `` state will '' put forward by the germans , especially by UNK , although political philosophers will recognize its origins in the rejected doctrines of UNK . END
national identification was reflected UNK in law theories which incorporated this UNK abstraction and saw law , domestic and international , simply as its formal reflection . END
in the international community this reduced law to UNK UNK . END
a state , the highest form of human organization in fact and theory , could be subjected to law only by a manifestation of UNK , or consent . END
according to the new theories , the nineteenth century corporate sovereign was `` sovereign '' in a quite new and different sense from his historical predecessors . END
he no longer sought to find the law ; ; END
he made it ; ; END
he could be subjected to law only because he agreed to be . END
there was no law , domestic or international , except that willed by , acknowledged by , or consented to by states . END
hidden behind UNK abstractions were more practical reasons for a changing UNK . END
related to , but distinguishable from , nationalism was the growth of democracy in one form or another . END
increased participation in politics and the demands of various groups for status and recognition had dramatic effects upon law institutions . END
the efforts of various interest groups to control or influence governmental decisions , particularly when taken in conjunction with the impact of UNK , led to a concentration of attention on the legislative power and the means whereby policy could be formulated and enforced as law through UNK institutions . END
law became a conscious process , something more than simply doing justice and looking to local customs and a common morality for applicable norms . END
particularly was this true when the norms previously applied were no longer satisfactory to many , when customs were rapidly changing as the forces of the new productivity were UNK . END
the old way of doing things , which depended on a relatively stable community with stable ideas dealing with familiar situations , was no longer adequate to the task . END
first was the period of UNK of existing law : the code napoleon in france and the peculiar UNK that , in fact , resulted from UNK restatement and ordering of the common law in england . END
UNK was followed in all countries by a growing amount of legislation , some changing and adjusting the older law , much dealing with entirely new situations . END
the legislative mills have been grinding ever since , and when its UNK processes were no longer adequate to the task , a limited legislative authority was delegated in one form or another , to the executive . END
whereas the eighteenth century had been a time in which man sought justice , the nineteenth and twentieth have been centuries in which men are satisfied with law . END
indeed , with developed positivism , the separation of law from justice , or from morality generally , became quite specific . END
in municipal systems we tend to view what is called positivism as fundamentally a movement to UNK policy by increasing the power of parliament -- the elected representatives -- at the expense of the more conservative UNK . END
when the power of the latter was made both limited and explicit -- when norms were clarified and made more precise and the creation of new norms was placed exclusively in parliamentary hands -- two purposes were served : government was made UNK to an UNK popular will , and law became a rational system for UNK that will , for serving conscious goals , for UNK the `` public policy '' . END
it is true that , initially , the task was to remove restrictions that , it was thought , inhibited the free flow of money , goods , and labor ; ; END
but even laissez-faire was a conscious policy . END
law was seen as an UNK of the `` sovereign will '' . END
however , the sovereign was not UNK absolute UNK but rather the parliamentary sovereign of austin . END
it was , too , an optimistic philosophy , and , though it separated law from morality , it was by no means an immoral or UNK one . END
man , through democratic institutions of government and economic freedom , was master of his